First, I'm not sure why it's called "oil": it's butter, not oil; it's solid w/o refrigeration. The consistency is translucent sorta clunky white, sorta like grated candle would look. Just like butter, it immediately melts in your hand or mouth, to say nothing of the frying pan. Smells great, tastes also nice: like, well, coconut. Supposedly it's great for cooking due to its supposedly higher heat-resistance something: it's supposed to keep its nutritional qualities when heated better than other common cooking oils. There's a rub though: with many foods you can mix and match and achieve some sort of mixed flavour -- not with this stuff! It's irrepressible: whatever you add it to -- veggies, cakes, meat, cardboard, or motor oil -- will then smell/taste like coconut and nothing beside. It overpowers every other flavour. So the only cooking variables you have left when using it is texture and sweetness (and looks, I guess). It goes very well with something that's sweet (probably because we're used to coconut being used in sweets). From what I've tried, it goes well with carrots, apples, sunflower seeds (anything nutty-tasting), stuff like that. Real good with sweet potatoes. But I would not recommed using it for cooking meat (unless you like your pork chops smelling and tasting like coconut). You can't kill this flavour, that's what I'm getting at. I'm using it carefully (not too much and in suitable combinations) and I'm happy with it so far. The product seems good, and so is the price (Added on 12/18/2010: that was the price at the time of purchase, $13.54 on Dec 2, 2010 -- and now, only two weeks later, the price on this page is $18.46, amazing, no? A 30% increase in two weeks, wow, these guys sure are optimistic about the value of their product).<br /><br />A bit of a warning: there's a megaton of unsubstantiated semi-literate BS online about miraculous powers of coconut oil. Be careful about it: coconut oil is pure saturated fat (a serving consists of 14 grams of fat, 13 of them saturated) -- and I've found no acceptable medical/scientific info in support of the healthfulness of saturated fat (while there's a lot on the opposite). What I did find was that it's not openly harmful when used in small doses: a healthy 200-lbs 40-sh male, not overweight and exercising regularly, is allowed 200 saturated-fat calories a day. A serving of coconut oil is 130 calories, but of course, you'll get saturated fats from other foods too. Another thing is that coconut oil contains no appreciable amounts of vitamins/minerals (unlike butter, which is _loaded_ with all kinds of goodies). So be careful: despite the squall of shilling on the net and in print, it's not health food. But it's tasty and not like lethally bad, so...<br />-------<br />Added on 12/18/2010: I'm half-way through the first jar, and I find myself using it less and less. It's too smelly, and I just don't have that much opportunity to use it for stuff where it's OK. Besides being food, it is supposedly also good for external use, for skin and hair; I haven't tried it this way (yet; maybe I will). But I have a feeling that _as food_ it doesn't have much of a future in this household: it's too overpowering, too particular.<br />-----<br />01/01/2011: Tried it for skin lotion: well, um, yes and no. No: it doesn't get absorbed into the skin, and the area of application stays greasy forever, so you can't do it before going out (even wiping with, say, paper towel, doesn't remove enough of it, so you'll stain the clothes with oil). Yes: it has a terrific staying power, hours and several hand washes after application there's still something remaining on the skin. And I work with my hands a lot, with the result that they tend to get real dirty, so I wash hands frequently and rather severely, the surgical way: very hot water, several soap-ups, brush. This causes severe dehydration of the skin, so I've always used hand lotion immediately after, but with coconut oil the skin remains slightly oiled, soft and moisturised even after a couple of such washes.<br /><br />So, finally: I'm not sure how (and whether) I'll continue to use coconut oil: I have definitely ceased to use it as food; as moisturiser we'll see... at least it's marginally cheaper than dry-skin cream so I'll give it a longer try. But the cream dries up in a minute, so it's more practicable, I must say. Doesn't smell of coconut either! :-) I must say I did not find the product as useful as it's hyped, so I'm taking one star off right now. I'll revisit in a month or two: if I discover by then that I've stopped using this thing altogether, I'll update the review to this effect.<br />--------<br />02/20/2011: Bottom line: I think I've settled into a two-sided routine with this oil: I use it, first, for light-frying/sauteing veggies (with yams or sweet potatoes as a basis; adding greens, like spinach, in the mix later on). I don't do this often though, 'cause I prefer to steam or eat raw, rather than fry anything; sauteing is quicker though, so when I'm pressed for time, this is workable. The other use is for skin: skin really loves this oil -- in addition to staying hydrated forever, it becomes very even in texture and colour; after shower I grease myself up, literally from head to toe, and it's just lovely (except for the clothes who get stained :-).
