SADLY, I FOUND OUT THE HARD WAY THAT THESE MOO BULLY STICKS ARE NOT 100% DIGESTIBLE! MY DOG ALMOST DIED AFTER A PIECE DID NOT DISSOLVE IN HER STOMACH.My 3 dogs loved these Moo Bully sticks. I had been giving them to my dogs for over a year with no incident.I was giving these because from all I had researched on this product they claimed to be  100% SAFE  AND 100% DIGESTIBLE. I would always take small pieces away form the dogs that I felt could possibly cause a chocking problem. I always had plenty of water close by. One day I noticed my dog,Lily, was having very loose stools and that were jelly like in consistency.This same day she stopped eating and began vomiting.I immediately rushed her to my veterinarian.Upon his physical exam he noted that her abdomen was hard and distended.He wanted me to leave her with him so he could do a x-ray. He did and found that she had a blockage in her stomach!He then started a series of Barium x-rays to watch the blockage to see if it was going to pass. Over a 4 hour period of watching and repeating these barium x-rays it not only showed that the blockage was not passing, but the "item" causing the blockage was swelling in size, absorbing the stomach fluids.I was told he had to do emergency surgery to get this blockage out of her ASAP. What he found in her stomach was most definitely a piece of the Moo Bully stick! It had not digested as claimed  by the manufacture if swallowed.My veterinarian told me if he had not brought Lily in as promptly as I did,to remove this blockage, she most definitely would have died!He told me that this was not 100% digestible as the manufacture had claimed it to be . If it had been, it would have dissolved in her stomach! lily had major abdominal exploratory surgery  that lasted over 3hours, to remove this piece the piece of Moo Bully stick !She was hospitalized afterwards for 4 nights and 5 days. She almost did not make. Lily refused eat for 5 days. She therefore lost a lot of weight,became very frail and lethargic. Thank god, my veterinarian was fabulous.He was so concerned for Lily, that he actually stayed by her side at night,every night making sure he did everything he could to pull her through this.Once home she was weak and could barely walk. I tried to get her to eat and she refused. I was offering her cooked chicken liver and even this did not even entice her to eat. Finally, the next day, she did begin to nibble on some food. It was a very slow healing process and took Lily over a month until she was herself again.The thought of losing Lily tore me apart. Watching the pain and suffering she went though cannot be put into words.I felt so helpless. It was nothing but a pure hell that she and I went though for weeks on end.I was also feeling so guilty because I gave her the MOO Bully stick.You see, I only feed my dogs the very best, high quality organic dog foods. I never ever ever would give my dogs anything that was not the best and the safest. I never gave my dogs raw hide chewies or greenies( Any dog owner that cares about the welfare of their a dog knows how dangerous and deadly these products are) I started giving my dogs the Moo bully sticks because everything I had read and researched lead me to believe not only were they safe,  100%  DIGESTIBLE, but that they came from Brazil cattle that only grazed on non chemically treated grass, were not feed any hormones and drank from fresh natural spring water.There was nothing harmful in this product. So I stared giving my dogs these MOO bully sticks.I am a very dedicated,caring, responsible animal lover and owner. I wrote letters to the companies I purchased the Moo Bully sticks form as well as the manufacturer. Only one retailer responded to my letter by referring me to the manufacturer.The manufacturer of these Moo Bully Sticks, " Free Range Dog Products " totally ignored both of my certified letters. So many owners have no clue that their dogs may have become sick or died due to a piece of a Bully stick that did not digest. What if their vet missed the symptoms? What if they never took their dog to a vet after becoming ill and the dog died? What if they never discovered what killed their dog? Not everyone can afford to pay for surgery on their dogs, x-rays,lab work,medicines,and a hospital stay. My vet bill was almost $5,000.00 My vet even discounted most of what he did, as well not charge me for everything.In fact, he  he felt so bad, that he did not charge me for staying by her side for all through the night, on those  4 nights. What if a dog died or got very ill when ingesting a piece of these Bully sticks and never came forth to inform the public ? Maybe mine is the very first case? But all it should take is one, to satisfy anyone not to ever buy this product and give it their beloved dogs. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, DO NOT EVER GIVE YOUR DOGS ANY TYPE OF A BULLY STICK PRODUCT!PASS THIS INFO ALONG TO ANYONE THAT YOU KNOW HAS A DOG. YOU MIGHT JUST SAVE A DOGS LIFE. Please not that I had to highlight a star in order for the site to post this! I would have given it zero stars if i could have!
