I loved the food for my cats as you can read below. However when it came time for me to buy another bag I read the ingrediants again, something I do to make sure there were no chnages.  I was concerned as my cat with the Yeast on her skin had started getting it again.  To my dismay I read that Oats has been added to the formulation.  WHat it it that Blue Buffalo Doesn't understand that Oats is a GRAIN and they can't now call the formulation GRAIN free.<br />I hve had to change to another brand of cat food.  Shame on you.<br />I have 2 Ragdolls. One is 3 years old. SHortly after I brought her home as a kitten she developed yeast growind on her skin. It was on her face, eyes and mouth. I took her to many vets even a dermatologyst who charged a fortune and none could figure out what she had. I had used a grain litter as it seemed like the healthy thing to do. I changed her bowl from plastic to ceramic to stainless steel and nothing made a difference. I would spend an hour a day cleaning and blow drying her.  It had spread down to the area where a mane would grow and she lost fur wherever it was.  My vet took in a new partner who reacted in horor when he saw her. He did a scraping, sent to the lab and found it was yeast. All the other expensive tests that were done never showed yeast.  I started her on a grain free diet that helped a lot but after a year all of a sudden it got worse again. The manufacturer changed the ingredient. I tried a few other products and after a short time the same thing happened. Grain free was no longer really grain free. For some reason the companies didn't know that wheat is not the only grain out there. Oats, was added and some other grains. I was at a loss and dthen I saw Blue Buffalo's Wilderness.  I tried it and as each day went by her yeast growth would get less.  It took around 2 weeks for the other foods to get out of her system.  SHe now has just a tiny amount of yeast around her mouth and her fur is growing back.  Her tail the was once goreous and then sparsly covered with fur is becoming beautiful again.  I only have to wash her mouth area every 3 days to remove the yeast, instead of the hour a day I used to spend.I think if the flax was taken out she would be yeast free as flax is a grain. I am thrilled with the difference as is my cat. My vet wanted to know what I did and he told me that most cat owners end up putting their cats to sleep as they can't deal with it. I also changed to a pine litter over a year ago which helped somewhat.<br /><br />My other act developed crystals in her urine which then became sludge.  THe vets flushed her bladded but it didn't help. She was getting cortisone shots to help with the swelling of her bladder and the bleeding. I told the vet to biopsy her bladder which is surgery and he cleaned out her bladder. The pathology report said she has cystities.  He didn't like giving her the Cortisone as it has bad side effects. I didn't like it either but she would stay in her litter box all day when she would start bleeding and did not feel good at all.  It would take the con around 3 days to work and then she would be o.k. for around a month, then 3 weeks and then after the surgery it started again after 2 weeks.  I told my vet he would have to put her down if this kept up.  She is only 2 and this started when she was 1 1/2 years old and was my favorite pet.<br />He gave her a shot of cortisone and I told hin we would see how long it lasted before she would start bleeding again. The food I had been giving her had Soy in it and she was getting a hypoallergenic treat that had SOy oil in it.  I noticed that she would get worse when I would give her the treat.  I ahd swithced to the Blue Buffalo for my other cat and it had not Soy in it and I stopped the treats.<br />It is nwo 7 weeks since she had any bleeding from her bladder. I stopped the soy when the vet told me she had cyctities as I know Soy gives cysts to women due to it have plant estrogen in it. The vet had given me<br />foods that were expensive to try that were made specificly for the crystals and she wouldn't touch them. SHe had become an obese cat that didn't want to do anythin when she got sick. SInce she had the food change she lost a lot of weight and is a playful happy cat again.<br />I hope Blue Buffalo doesn't change the ingredients ( except perhaps to take out the flaz)as it has saved the life of my 2 cats that I love dearly.<br />No more yeast, no more crystals, sludge or cystities.<br />I told my vet whta I had figured out and one has called me to ask me what I had done for the yeast as he had a cat that had it and he had to put down cats whose owners couldn't deal with it. I hope other cat owners who have these problems would try WIlderness and see if it helps their cat. Thank you Blue Buffalo.<br /><br />WHen I told him she was doing well he told me he should send his patients to me when he can't cure.<br />Update 5/12 .  THe cats have been on the food since December. Both are doing beautifuly. THe one with the yeast on her body and severe loss of fur, now has a beautiful coat. She is no longer hiding 24/7.  SHe is a happy cat.  The one with cycstitis and sludge is as happy and healthy as can be.  If I hadn't tried this food she would have been put to sleep months ago.  Please keep the formula you are using.  A very greatful cat owner.
