Here's is something that will simplify your wheatgrass growing IMMENSELY!  Begin by soaking about a half-cup of wheat berries (hard winter wheat is usually recommended) twelve hours (more or less) and allowing them to sprout for three days or so.  When you are ready to spread these little sprouts out into your sprouter, first fit one sheet of natural, untreated paper towel in the bottom of the sprouter (you can find these untreated paper towels at almost any healthfood store).  You do not need to trim all the extra around the edges because after dry fitting, you will moisten the paper which will cause it to cling to the sides making a nice neat little container.  You can moisten the fitted paper towel with kitchen sink spray or soft-pressure kitcen faucet water.  Sometimes we moisten it from a kelp-water spray bottle.  Either before or after fitting and moistening the paper towel to the inner contour of the sprouter, try cutting off about an inch and a half triangle from one corner of the fitted paper towel.  This will give you an open corner from which to make later draining of the growing sprouts MUCH faster and easier.  It is also helpful to mark one corner of the sprouter itself so that later on as you are rinsing the growing wheatgrass, you will know where the open draining corner is located.  This will be helpful to know if you want to lean the sprouter at an angle to allow the extra rinse water to run off for a minute.<br /><br />Next you spread the sprouting wheat evenly along the bottom of the moistened paper toweling.  I usually like to come back and spray them with the kitchen sink spray to help distribute them evenly over the bottom of the container, but this can easily be done with your fingers.  If you wish, at this stage you can spray the spread with kelp water.  Then place the container in some window light ... direct sunshine is NOT necessary or recommended, and rinse twice a day ... or more the first few days if you have time. Two will do.<br /><br />After you have chewed or juiced or otherwise ingested your wheatgrass crop and are ready to clean out the stubble and roots, all you have to do is start at any corner and pull out the entire mat in one piece.  The paper towel helps hold the roots (not all but enough to make an easily remmoval one-piece mat)together inside the sprouter.  Once you have disposed of this large mat of roots and stubble, the sprouting container is very simple to clean.  The entire process (removing the remains and cleaning the now empty container does not take me longer than three or four minutes...maybe less.  It certainly has taken me far longer to write this review.  I once tried two layers of paper toweling and the results were nothing like as positive as just the one layer.  Nothing else that I have tried this layering with (except garlic for which I prefer to use a cut piece of Sure-To-Grow (the most economical way to go here is with the 20-foot grow rolls) or nothing at all.  The paper towel layering did not work well at all for buckwheat greens or sunflower greens.  I grow both of these in just a plain empty Master Sprout spouter (large and/or small).  BUT FOR WHEATGRASS, I have never had such great crops with such an easy and fast clean up as with this single-layer, natural paper towel process. Also, I do tend to spray all of my growing sprouts with liquid kelp-water solution, (but you can get plenty of beautifully green crops without it).  The really good news, as far as I am concerned, is no more soil for either wheatgrass or sunflower greens, etc.! Now that I have retired and am living in an apartment, soil is out...paper towels and Master Sprout spouters (with or without paper towels) are in. I hope no one will allow the complications of soil prep, etc. to keep them for great wheatgrass growing.  Also, with these Master Sprout sprouters, other greens for which soil has long been recommended can be grown soil free, e. g., sunflower greens and buckwheat greens.<br /><br />Oh, and one last idea.  The Easy Sprout sprouter is the perfect way to start absolutely everything and for beans (which don't need to be greened). I've been sprouting for over thirty years, and I have never before found it this easy and I credit that to the combination of these two sprouting system.  I don't see how it could be made any easier.  The two together cover all of our sprouting needs: Easy Sprouter takes care of starting all sprouts for later transfer into the Master Sprout containers AND it covers the complete sprouting of beans which do not need greening.  Master Sprouters take care of all the things that need greening.  I am sprouting and cooking for two and make full use of three Easy Spouters, 5 Master Sprouters (the regular larger size), and 3 Master Sprouters (mini).  I keep three wheatgrass sprouters cycling for a constant supply; buckwheat greens and sunflower greens (for salads); garlic and a variety of beans (mostly for soups and stews).  All that is needed for this is one 48-inch wide diningroom window with a 20-inch by 48-inch wide folding table to hold the sprouters in the light.  The Easy Sprouters stay in the kitchen.  As you can see, the entire operation  does not take up much space and yet it gives a much appreciated large quantity of live food year round.  Rinsing takes no more than ten minutes twice a day.
