I'm a mother of two young babies who were fed this formula for 6 months.  At the time I purchased and used this formula in 2009-2010, I was incredibly happy and confident that I had found the perfect formula for my babies.  It smelled and tasted different from other formulas that we had tried on our babies.  I compared all the nutrient labels and believed that it was equivalent to other formulas commercially sold.  I told everyone I knew about the product, encouraging other mothers to use it for their babies.  Since learning of the arsenic in Nature's One formulas, I'm angry and very scared about the possible health effects as a result of my babies ingesting this arsenic through the formula.  This is the only way I know how to deal with some of my emotions--let other mothers know about this very important issue.<br /><br />I'm not a "hired writer" (but I'm certain that the mere fact that I'll be accused of it again by the company and its followers will be enough "proof" for some).  This seems to be the common term the company and its followers are using on many of the online forums like Amazon and Facebook to label and harass mothers who have been brave enough to raise questions about the safety of the product.  For all the truly worried-sick mothers asking too many questions, this is a debate that must be carried on despite the tediousness of the continuous harassment by the company and its followers because the safety of our babies and an entire generation of people are at risk.  The company and its followers are successfully getting postings deleted from online forums in order to suppress thoughts and opinions that it doesn't like because they raise important and valid issues.  Apparently, we're asking some of the right questions--questions that require answers that the company doesn't want to give to parents.  It's not just about this company however.  This is just the starting point.  It's about getting the truth out of the FDA and getting our government to set definable and safe standards for arsenic in our food.<br /><br />First, as unfortunate as it was to discover that there is arsenic in baby formula, it is only the tip of the iceberg.  As I've devoted my time to researching and reading scientific papers and articles, I am just starting to understand that arsenic in our food supply is more prevalent and more dangerous than the public realizes.  The scientific communities around the world have been studying and writing about the dangers of long term arsenic poisoning from water and food for years, and yet it's a fact that most people weren't even aware of until now.  How many of us knew that the U.S. standard for arsenic in our water supply was set at the level it is now (10 parts per billion) not because it was the lowest and safest level that could be achieved, but because the government agency responsible did a cost analysis and determined that it would be too expensive to remove more arsenic than that from our water supply?<br /><br />I suppose it shouldn't be surprising given the fact that the FDA has been "monitoring arsenic in foods for 20 years" (yes, it has known about arsenic in chicken meat for years) but has never taken actions until now to limit this toxin in our food supply.  I guess that the majority of the public (who aren't involved in this debate over Nature's One's formula) will continue on with their lives without ever knowing about the negative health effects of ingesting arsenic every day through water and food.  The majority of us will live a reasonable number of years and suddenly find out that we have some form of cancer, and think it was predominantly genetics that determined our illness, never dreaming that it could've been the arsenic in our food and water.  Regardless of the reasons why the FDA and various agencies never acted to protect the people from arsenic toxicity, it's enough to know that scientific communities have been urging governments to set "safe" standards to limit the amount of arsenic consumption.  It's intolerable to think that the government has been allowing this to go on for so long.  Isn't it time that we demand better from the government of the greatest nation on earth?<br /><br />As I step back from all the debate over whether Nature's One's organic formula is safe or not, I realize that this will be an ongoing war of words.......with no immediate winners.  I imagine that the only thing we'll be left to deal with will be the long term health problems of a small percentage of babies who were unlucky enough to have been fed this formula.  It's sad to think that by simply refusing to admit that the levels of arsenic found in its formulas are unsafe, the company is possibly jeopardizing the health of many babies.  We as parents did the research on all the available formulas and decided to trust this company with our babies' health.  We believed that we were getting the best formula on the market for our babies; we trusted that this organic company was testing for dangerous toxins like arsenic in its products.  Naturally, we trusted, never imagining that an organic company would sell an organic product containing brown rice syrup that was made from rice grown in soil contaminated with arsenic.<br /><br />As of yesterday, the company has decided to release its test results on its website.  I read the numbers, and at first, it meant nothing to me.  I did some research and tried to understand what this truly meant.  From what I was able to find online, my understanding was that the WHO standards that the company cites as safe (2.1 mcg/kg of bodyweight/daily) were set in 1983 and were based on standards for arsenic in water that were much higher (50 parts per billion) than the current standard of 10 parts per billion.  Arsenic experts from around the world agree that this standard is outdated and needs to be revised using "a firm scientific basis."  According to experts, this WHO standard is a "fallback position" due to the lack of current standards for arsenic in food, and not one that is necessarily safe.<br /><br />My fears about what the future may hold for my babies in terms of their health keep me up at nights.  I wonder, and I'm sad about what I might have done to them in my quest for the best.  I only pray and hope that all the babies around the world who were fed this formula will show the amazing resiliency of the human species, and that we as their parents will have the strength to deal with whatever may come.<br /><br />Articles:<br />"Arsenic and Rice"<br />"Getting to the Bottom of Arsenic Standards and Guidelines"<br />"A Bitter Sweetner in Baby Formula"<br />"Arsenic, Organic Foods, and Brown Rice Syrup"
