I'm not a big fan of sandwiches as a general category of lunch options. If given the option, and someone else is cooking, I'll eat something--really almost anything--else. The main exception to this is the old childhood classic, the peanut-butter and jelly sandwich. I haven't had a good PBJ in YEARS, something I'm sure most of you can probably sympathize with. The primary "pro" that I have for this bread is that it makes wonderful PBJs. I'll admit, it's not like the kind Mom would make us on that chewy, wonderful, Home Pride bread. But it still does make good PBJs.<br /><br />The process for making the bread was fairly simple. One loaf pan, my stand mixer, a couple extra wet ingredients, and basically mix it all together. The dough is REALLY sticky, so if you have a helper available to hold the bowl up while you scrape the dough into the loaf pan, you'll probably enjoy the whole process a little more. I did it by myself and it was doable. It's the only part of the process that was even remotely frustrating. The dough, aside from its stickiness, is actually fairly easy to handle if you're used to handling sticky dough--just use the cold water trick where you dip your fingers in cold water before the touching the dough. It works like a charm with this bread, and the few drops of water that are left behind on the dough don't hurt a thing.<br /><br />It did rise a little more slowly than the box said it would. I let it go for a full hour before it rose to the top of the pan, rather than the 40 minutes it says on the box. I can imagine that if you don't give it whatever time it needs to reach the top of the pan, you probably will get a dense a brick of yuckiness instead of bread. (Also, don't forget to add the salt to the recipe--if you do, this will have no flavor, which is par for course with bread-baking, gluten-free or not).<br /><br />After it came out of the oven I removed it from its pan and let it rest on top of an overturned cake pan so it could cool. I let it cool for about twenty minutes or so before we cut into it. We just cut off a few slices to go with dinner, and left the rest of the loaf whole until later. It made great garlic bread, and the crust on the bread is yummy and interesting. The bread itself does have kind of a biscuit texture, but I love biscuits so this was kind of a feature for me.<br /><br />Saying it has a "biscuit texture" is a little misleading, however. This bread does hold up quite well in ways that biscuits sometimes don't. After the loaf had cooled all the way, we sliced it up and wrapped pairs of slices for sandwiches in plastic wrap. We put these wrapped pairs into ziploc bags, and put one set into the freezer, one into the fridge, and one on the counter so we could see how they keep. I also made a PBJ that night, ate half, and put the other half in a sandwich bag on the counter to see how it would hold up in a lunch bag. So far they're all working out great. The frozen bread did need to be zapped in the microwave for about 15 second before the two slices would come apart. After that I put them in the toaster for breakfast. They probably need longer in the toaster from frozen than you might think. I put them on the same setting I use for frozen waffles, and they didn't get very toasty. But they didn't fall apart either, and they still taste great.<br /><br />The countertop and refrigerator bread slices also worked out well. I made grilled cheese last night, and that worked out very nicely, even dipping it into tomato soup. It does have an interesting (in a good way) texture, so it's not exactly like the grilled cheese you might remember from childhood. But it is tasty nonetheless. I also sliced up a leftover porkchop and made myself a porkchop sandwich piled high with meat. The sandwich didn't fall apart. It had the usual amount of crumbs, what you would expect from regular bread. And you know that porkchops, no matter how succulent they were fresh, tend to get tough in the fridge. The sandwich was great.<br /><br />The leftover PBJ was also still great in the morning. The bread did kind of soak up some of the jam, the way regular bread does, but it didn't fall apart, even with the added moisture. The texture still held up as well.<br /><br />And to be thorough in my experiment, I had my husband eat some as garlic bread that first night, and he also had a grilled cheese sandwich with me. He doesn't have to eat gluten free, so he still knows what real bread is like. He agreed that it was a different texture than regular bread, but that he also really liked it. I'll definitely be making this again.
