This isn't at all the doggy nosh I intended nor desired to review--I wanted only I'm sure to trumpet a much larger biscuit that comes in the flattened shape of a bone and can be busted up into bits which you can then use to temporarily mollify your own frolicky little four-legged hairball with when out walking. In fact though even if I'd been able to find on Amazon the actual oversize IAMS biscuit me dog prefers this still wouldn't be a review of that either coz all I only really want to do here is review the good dog herself if that's alright and what better supporting online architecture than her favourite brand of biscuit, wha'? I will state right up front that I helplessly love my lushly hirsute hound pretty much all of the time since she miraculously arrived in the hut just less than a year ago but I especially dig this dog in the dark wintertime coz then she puts on an extra fantabulous fur coat to keep warm and I can barely keep from laying hands on her she feels so soft, like sable or something she is. This dog of mine, of ours I guess I should say, me and the missus, who if she had been a male example of the breed I would have been allowed to name Desmond but who instead turned out to be this thick jet black female furball so the old lady got to choose the moniker and named her Pepper right there and then, after Sgt. Pepper I do believe, that timeless Liverpudlian condiment. Late on Christmas Eve I took Pepper for a bonus walk so I could smoke me some extry smokes and she could again enjoy pretending to herd the electric deer that are surprisingly numerous this joyful season on the little front lawns hereabouts. Pepper is a Swedish Lapphund, you see, and herding reindeer seems to be the exact activity she is built for in the bulk of her nature. Obviously getting this unusually electrostatic snootful of her ancestral calling occasioned some considerable animation in the frisky meatball and she could be calmed only by soothing words from her master--avast thou black and midnight hedge-pig and so forth--followed by bits of the bickie I mentioned busting up above. To calm her further I took her to a big house on Carnation Avenue where the elaborate electric Christmas decoration includes an outdoor tree whose numerous sprouting trunks are magically enmeshed in a bright fishnet of the most brilliant neon green. There must be at least nine seperate upward shooting trunks involved here under just the one generous canopy and the overall effect I must say is one of the most splendid stupefaction. I'd been deliberately walking my dog this long way home for the last three weeks just for a chance to stop each time and take a frankly intoxicating measure of ease beneath the lurid light of this Star Trek tree. So there I was at any rate late on Christmas Eve with me doggy in tow repeatedly exhaling fragrant cheroot smoke into the serenely acid green illumination and generally digging pretty much everything that was going on more or less everywhere in the universe I guess when suddenly Pepper sez to hell with all this farking scenery and goes berserk with the leash, jumping up and down and attempting strenuously to exit simultaneously stages right AND left--her message being I imagine that this was supposed to be a walk you dopey bleeding lump and could I please get the lead out and so on with like lively exhortations. Good point I concurred eventually. I do honestly suppose that Pepper is often much smarter than I could ever hope to be. Lead on, Lassie, sez I to the lunging rapscallion. Walking a dog though out in the real world. Talk about yer magic! Plus grooming the wee beastie is emphatically the deep bonding experience noted canine scientician Cesar Romero sez it is: I can think of no greater pleasure than hanging out on my back porch with the luxurious little Lapphund in the early AM, smoking Maverick menthols and slugging down a giant cuppa Joe (from a Big Sleep mug no less! Thanx, podner) but mostly just focused on brushing Pepper's furry little pants. On account of our dog furthermore and my regular striding after her every night for ages now I have I admit often been tempted to cast the actual acquisition of said canine in military parlance, specifically Operation Fit in Pants coz as a direct result of this furry force of forward momentum I seem to be getting back into some kind of shape again. Not only am I easily fitting back into my trousers now but I am also getting some small volume of breath too on account of all this vigorous traipsing after the dashing hound. Sometimes Pepper walks me much too fast though and often I limp back to our hut with me hamstrings literally barking. Dogs, wha'? Bless 'em but they're even an excellent source of metaphor.
