This is another example of a mediocre at best ginger ale dressed up with fancy packaging at a ridiculous price while not even coming close the complexity or intensity of many of the better Ginger Beers. Unfortunately, Amazon places you in a paradox in buying some of the better ones. The top two aren't carried by Amazon at all but Amazon does carry some decent ones. Aside from the two that are 5 star and will go unnamed as they are already too difficult to get AND sticking w/ those that have free shipping since w/o free shipping, you are likely to pay well more for the s/h than the actual product.<br /><br />Loathe that I am to admit it, Bruce Cost's is pretty good-not nearly as good as it should be given the alternatives and he screws some them up with flavoring, which; to my mind is like taking Peet's French Roast and trying to get a hazelnut/vanilla flavor to it. But he fancies himself the guru of all things Asian (as far as I know, he is the only one who shares that opinion)and the rhizome ginger is Asian so he makes a 12 pack and charges $50 for it. All of the British ginger ale is no better than Canada Dry (who used absolutely no ginger in its ginger ale until the past couple of years)so skip the Fever Tree. Bermuda Ginger Beer is frequently very good and Amazon has had a few. I believe Regatta is from Bermuda but as a form of torture with which Tantalus would be familiar, Amazon generally offers the Diet with free shipping and the stuff that tastes good with exorbitant shipping. Blenheim is a marketing campaign, they know that many of the better ginger beers are spicy so they make a spectrum of spicy GBs, but they are one dimensional, heat only. Two of the better known brands, Reed's and Boylan's don't appeal to me. When they were the only premium GBs on the market, I drank them but i don't think either makes the top ten anymore. Two good ones in bottles that Amazon carries w/o s/h are Saranac & Eli's, neither are cheap but it's delivered to your door and includes what we in CA have to pay as CRV and s/h are generally free. Now for the best deals Amazon offers. Bottles are expensive to ship so that cost will, to some extent at least, be built in somewhere. In some cases it's worth it. The two best bottled GBs that Amazon carries that are usually free s/h are 1) A J Stephen's (sp?) and 2) Cock & Bull which, urban legend has it as being brewed specifically for the Brown Derby restaurant,an LA icon and is called for by name in a cocktail named the Moscow Mule. Can's are significantly cheaper to ship and I have 3 recommendations for them. I keep a variety of strengths of ginger juice, grated fresh ginger, & ginger syrup so I can sometimes salvage a GB that is a little too bland. That is the case with Santa Cruz organic GB, it's almost good (by which I mean far better than Schwepps or Canada Dry but not top tier. If you have some ginger extracts around you can get it pretty good. Occasionally, Amazon will have the Ginger People's product with free shipping. That's definitely worth a look as it has pieces of ginger still floating in it. The single best deal on Amazon, in my estimation, is Barr's. It's canned so you can get a reasonably priced 24 pack, usually with free S/H. The problem is that Amazon is more often sold out than not. I probably wouldn't have mentioned it if I didn't already have 3 cases en route to my house. I haven't seen it often enough to get around to studying it's heritage but it's the best tasting canned ginger beer I've ever had-and at a great price. I think the single best deal for consuming on a daily basis is Vernors. I occasionally can find it on sale at $2.99 a six pack. I don't think I've ever seen a great deal on Amazon but if they offered free shipping on Vernors, I'd probably get a couple cases a month. It's a little sweet and not really gingery/pungent as the best but can be a great deal.<br /><br />I confess to knowing not very much about Jamaican GB. I've tried Idris and it's pretty good. Most of the Jamaican stuff on Amazon seems to be in 64 oz. 1/2 gallons, plastic and I'm not too fond of that. Well that my not very humble opinion.I'm going to have a 12 oz. bottle of my favorite. I'm not going to share the name online but if I get an email (besides hate mail) I'll tell you. Of course I may be the only one in this country this fanatical about a soft drink so I won't expect an overflowing in box. Do yourself a favor, though, skip Canada Dry - unless you need a mixer or have a sick kid.
