Like many, I checked out this product because of the whole gluten-free craze: I needed to lose a few around the mid-section. Confused from all the brands, reviews, and star ratings I just plunged in and chose this brand because my fond familiarity with their other products (though I will take issue with the packaging not being consistent: I was hoping to be amused with new age rhetoric or trite expletives crammed omnipresently on the jar). This product is amazing! It's everything people say it is and more. I now think it's the White Duct Tape of the grocery world. I read about all its uses and tested them my self out of deep skepticism and curiosity.  Internally and externally, Dr B's Coconut Oil is just short of miraculous. Did I mention rubbing it on your belly instantly produces wash-board abs? Try it.<br /><br />Internally, this oil makes everything tastes great like I thought only butter could do. Because it's better for you than butter, I now have switched teams with no guilt for doing so--though butter will always have a place in my heart (literally, HDLs a-gogo). The taste has just a hint of coconut which is enough to not overwhelm if you never liked that flavor. It makes boring veggies taste like manna from heaven. Though I'm a vegan, sometimes it's torture having loved the taste of well-prepared meats.  But when you rub this oil on a carrot, it tastes like southern fried chicken; when rubbed on potatoes, it tastes like mouth-watering Porter Steak, and when rubbed on lettuce it tastes like a Greek gyros that Zeus himself would find divine (though saying that might be hubris punishable by IBS so I take that back)!  Food simply tastes better with it and there should be a fine for people who sell vegetables without it.<br /><br />Externally, I tried this stuff to enhance the complexion of my skin, car, and cat.  (Next week, we'll work this miracle oil on the "B's": baby, boat, broadsword, briefcase, and bare bodkin). For my skin, it made my dull, totally-original-Jaguar-biting-into-my-skin tattoo come back to ultra-vivid life and bite me back--it literally drew blood, ouch! That kind of macho-ness with the mix of coconut and my own scent sent a pheromone hailstorm that turned every 18+ female in my trailer park into lust-seeking zombies.  Within seconds of catching this scent, a horde of women came at me with sex-frenzied fury, I could barely run away. Out of bestial competition, they fought each other on their way to the source of their lust (me, or my skin, couldn't tell, does it matter?), leaving a long trail of gorgeous scantily-clad, bruised, and forlorn women.  After the clouds parted, one warrior woman did make it to me from the pyre of trailer park pulchritude. So short of breath, she couldn't even speak when she was by my side: she just starting licking my skin, which was erotic and weird all at the same time, like listening to Prince's "Purple Rain" album for the first time. She too enjoyed the taste of Dr. B's sumptuous coconut concoction. At that point, I knew that I must get this product on Amazon's Auto-Subscribe service lest I suffer that ill fate of an empty jar in my cupboard. So many nights I've suffered in my misspent youth sitting at my desk, dreaming of a way to talk to women and the key to my salvation was in a jar. They should call this stuff Miraculous Whipp, because that's what it is! (Oh, that's sorta taken: sorry).<br /><br />It does not stop there, this oil is great for making some extra cash and other great uses. I took my Trans Am on blocks and added old tires to it. It made my tires and car dashboard shine like brand new, which I sold for a cool $1,500: rich city.  It took a dark stain out of my black shirt by making everything else a lot blacker and newer. Around the globe, a tone-deaf boy in Europe rubbed it on his ears and hands one day and within a month, he became the greatest guitarist you never heard of. I was told that in ancient times, people used this oil to make the square wheel spin faster and effortlessly.<br /><br />Coconut oil is also used in post-divorce litigation procedures to bring people back together in love, saving the world billions of dollars in lawyer fees and asset allocations. There are even rumors of it solving missing person cases the world over if it's rubbed on a detective's badge. Its power should not be underestimated. In medicine, it's been known to cure the common cold after using it for 10 days: who knows what else it might cure in times to come. Cancer? Tennis elbow? Hiccups?  Oh, the joys of this oil! Do not hesitate to buy this product, even if all said here has been hyperbolic. Great mysteries and miracles will unfold upon you if you do! But because of the powers, do use this coconut oil wisely and for good, not evil. Namaste.
