All successful actors have a role or a film that defines them for the rest of their careers. Tom Cruise has "Risky Business." Robert De Niro has "Taxi Driver." Marlon Brando had a lot of them, including "On the Waterfront," "The Godfather," and "Apocalypse Now." Who can watch Jimmy Stewart and not think of "It's a Wonderful Life"? See what I mean? The list could on and on indefinitely. The lesser known actors, while not as visible to the majority of moviegoers, are critical to the success of Hollywood because they often take supporting roles that make the leads look good. They are recognizable faces to niche film fans, however. Enter Clint Howard, brother of the better known director and actor Ron Howard. Horror movie fans will forever pay homage to Clint--he of the perpetually balding pate, goofy visage, and lumbering gait--for his seminal role of Stanley Coopersmith in the 1982 gorefest "Evilspeak." They will just as likely hold a grudge against him for appearing in Uwe Boll's atrocious "House of the Dead," but that's another story for another time. Clint has appeared in dozens of films, as well as most of the films lensed by his brother, but "Evilspeak" is his defining moment.<br /><br />"Evilspeak" opens in the distant past by showing a group of Spaniards excommunicating Esteban (Richard Moll) and his followers from the Church for blasphemous activities. What sorts of activities? The movie doesn't spend much time explaining what these folks are doing, but we do see Esteban performing some sort of bizarre ritual on the beach immediately before sacrificing a young lady to his dark deities. Flash forward to the present--meaning 1981 or 1982--to a soccer game at the West Andover Military Academy. Stanley Coopersmith (Howard) trips at a critical moment and loses the game for the team. The abuse heaped upon this poor lad is extreme. Coach (Claude Earl Jones) initially sticks up for Coopersmith by telling his teammates that every boy at the academy gets a shot at playing for the school. Within seconds of this exclamation, the coach helpfully makes a "suggestion" to Bubba (Don Stark) and his pals that if an injury sidelined Stanley, there wouldn't be much anyone could do about it. Wow, what a bunch of jerks! This is only the beginning, however, as we soon learn that the entire school seems to have it in for this poor kid. Colonel Kincaid (Charles Tyner), the commandant of the academy, can't stand him either. Neither can Reverend Jameson (Joseph Cortese) or the alcoholic caretaker Sarge (R.G. Armstrong).<br /><br />Things start to look up for Coopersmith when he discovers a labyrinth of corridors underneath the school. Wouldn't you just know it? It turns out that the academy sits on the very site where Esteban and his followers established a church devoted to Satan. Stanley's discovery is in actuality Esteban's old haunt. Our hero finds a book written in Latin containing many conjurations and dark prayers, and it isn't too long before he's entering all of this stuff into his computer in an effort to discover what it means. Meanwhile, the torment continues. Bubba and his fellow goons destroy Stanley's class project, and physically assault him in the corridors every chance they get. Kincaid administers a whipping, and Jameson can barely look at the boy without cringing. Coopersmith's dark discoveries soon take on a vengeful tone as he begins actively collecting the necessary materials to cast a spell against his tormenters. The final straw occurs when Bubba and his friends perform an act so despicable against the only thing Coopersmith cares about in the entire world. From this point forward the gloves are off as "Evilspeak" turns into an unmitigated gorefest of epic proportions. Note to self: never pick on anyone again. EVER.<br /><br />"Evilspeak" never lets us forget that Clint Howard is the star of the film. The camera rarely leaves him, which is a good thing because we see what a fine actor he is. Howard gives his put upon character great depth, makes us believe totally that he's a rather inept kid with a penchant for clumsiness yet deep inside is a good guy just looking to improve his lot in life. Stanley Coopersmith is so harassed that you can't help but root for him. Perhaps I should compliment the other actors at this point as well because they come across as the most unlikable bunch of cretins in B movie history, and that is exactly what the script called for them to do. I cheered at the end as Coopersmith took gory revenge against his oppressors. Speaking of the gore, "Evilspeak" contains several scenes of carnage and general mayhem rarely witnessed in American horror films. The pigs paying a visit to the secretary at her home should win some sort of award, but the real gooey stuff appears at the end. Imagine an airborne Clint Howard in devilish makeup slicing through heads and limbs with an enormous sword. Yep, it's gory, it's gluey, and it's great.<br /><br />A huge thanks goes out to Anchor Bay for releasing such a fine DVD version of the film. Extras include a commentary with Howard and director Eric Weston, poster stills, and a trailer. The commentary is a lot of fun due to Clint Howard's observations. He tells lots of great stories, including one about some problems he encountered with law enforcement when he wore his military uniform from the film to a Las Vegas casino several years later. Clint seems like a great guy and his enthusiasm for the film appears genuine. Weston and Howard even discuss the idea of making a sequel! It probably won't happen, but if it matches this film in the gore department I'll be the first one in line to see it.
