I write this letter after considerable thought and anguish.  On Friday morning, February 25, 2011, I was awakened by the screams of my fianc&eacute;e Lori as she sat on the living room floor cradling Greta, our 2 ½ year-old registered female Pug.  Greta crawled under the coffee table and there choked to death alone on a Purina Busy Bone.<br /><br />I'm left wondering how Purina, a company with a name as iconic as Betty Crocker, Bayer, Gerber and General Mills, could have not only manufactured such a lethal product, but, as I've since discovered on the Internet, has had issues with it in the deaths of other dogs for some time - and not pulled this dangerous item from the shelves.  I find this absolutely appalling.  I'm 57 years-old and I've put my trust in Purina products since I was a child.  And now our beloved Greta, purchased from a breeder as an adorable puppy in the fall of 2008, is dead because of your product.  And Lori, my sweetheart of 32 years, a stroke victim in 2004 and who most certainly can do without this kind of stressful catastrophe; a great animal lover, has had her heart torn asunder.  She's simply devastated - and angry.  And so am I.<br /> Did you know that in the United States its citizens spend more on their pets than their children?  Are you familiar with the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show series which includes the world's finest breeds in competition for "Best in Show," including the Chinese Pug?  Do you have any idea of the loss we've suffered at your negligent hands?<br /> I could talk about the money we paid for Greta from the breeder, and having her spayed (we don't breed our beloved pets; we keep them as loving companions for as long as we can).  And there are the regular check-ups, and shots and so on.  I find it bitterly ironic that the veterinary office we use is within walking distance of the Kroger store from which we purchased your killing Busy Bone.<br /> I have a 91 year-old father who lives alone.  I visit him at least twice a week, sometimes more if time allows.  He certainly appreciates those visits.  But he also has a fulltime companion - Spencer, his Jack Russell terrier.  Spencer will turn 12 in May.  Dad is disabled, uses a walker, is scheduled for heart-valve replacement surgery at the Cleveland Clinic, and has a myriad of other health issues.  Yet despite them he has managed to take very good care of his dog.  And I believe if it weren't for the loving attention Spencer gives dad, he would not be alive today.  His dog has given him something special - the gift of life.  Something which Purina has stolen away from us.  You'd think that Purina would have the same consideration for the welfare of dogs in this country as a disabled 91 year-old man.  But tragically that's not the case.<br /> Yet there's more.  We also have a male pug which we named Winston because he has the same tenacious bulldog features etched into his amazing face as that of Winston Churchill.  Winston, like Greta was, is truly an individual - a soulful companion.  And like us, he's now subdued.  He's actually depressed because his playmate has disappeared and he doesn't understand why.  This concerns me.<br /> I am a professional photographer and writer by trade.  I work with the general public and I have to present a side to it which instills confidence.  Writing, by nature, requires a certain state of mind as well.  As a result of losing Greta, all I can think about now is me handing her a Busy Bone, not knowing that it would snatch her away from us forever a short while later.  The guilt is killing me.  How can I write?  How can I do anything?  Grief passes they say.  But tragic memories remain fixed for a lifetime.  And what makes things worse in this case is that Greta's death could have been prevented.<br /> Though both Winston and Greta liked the Busy Bone, several times in the past Greta had gagged on it.  So, I served her a smaller portion each time, which, after careful observation I assumed resolved the problem.  In retrospect I should have responded more to the concerns Lori expressed over this potential danger to begin with.  In a brief moment, while we were in another room, Greta died because of your product.  And why should such a product even exist?  Why wasn't it at least labeled as a choking hazard?  Why didn't Purina conduct the adequate safety research before releasing this product to the stores?<br /> The answer is self-evident: Gross negligence.  A negligence which has caused the death of not only our beloved Greta and other dogs, but has now indelibly left its mark in Lori's and my life.  We'll never be able to erase the painful images seared into our minds of her lying still on the floor.  I lie awake at night thinking about it now, as well as remembering digging her grave in our backyard through such anguish that even I, a writer, cannot express in words.  It's now the closest we can get to our special friend.  We are utterly distraught.  Greta, only 2 ½ years-old, healthy and in her prime, a wonderful, loving companion, is gone forever.  It's a horrid loss that cannot be replaced - thanks to Purina.<br /> The very least Purina can do is pull all forms of the Busy Bone from the market immediately, and to conduct adequate, responsible research in the future before releasing any Purina product.<br /><br /> Karl and Lori<br /> Former owners of beloved Greta, purebred female pug.  Our baby.  Gone forever.
