This is a basic kit that may be of use to a beginner living in the sushi wilderness--away from large cities with Asian stores or even supermarkets that regularly carry Asian cooking ingredients. But if you have access to such locally, this kit is a waste of money. The most functional part of the kit is the "sushi mat", which is a collection of bamboo "straws" lined up and tied together to provide a rollable surface to make maki rolls. The rice spatula is a useful device, but the two of these together should cost about $2, although some supermarkets charge up to $5-7 for the privilege. The rest of the items--mainly food ingredients--are low quality and preservative laden. For half the price of the kit, one could pick up a tube of prepared wasabi (doesn't last as long as the powder but is usually more potent and easier to deal with) or a small can of powder (both about $3 each), a bottle of basic Kikkoman soy sauce (far higher quality even in the basic supermarket variety--will set you back between $2 and $4, depending on location and promotions). A pack of nori sheets will set you back another $5-6, unless you only shop at Whole Foods. The most expensive item might be the rice vinegar--pretty much any Japanese or pseudo-Japanese brand will do (Nakano [same as Mizkan], Mitsukan, and Marukan are the most common). With soy sauce and with vinegar, it's important to get the Japanese, not the Chinese varieties, as the flavors and concentrations will differ. The vinegar should always be unseasoned--then follow almost any internet recipe for seasoning sushi rice. Seasoned vinegars tend to be overflavored (salt, sugar) and are generally less desirable, although they will do in a pinch. Ideally, you should have a bottle of mirin (usually billed as "rice wine") on hand, but can either skip it entirely and add a touch more vinegar or use dry sherry in small quantities. The packaged pickled ginger (gari), including the one in the kit, is often an overly sour, cough-syrup-tasting mess. Unless you are going to make your own, you might as well skip it entirely. The enclosed rice is short grain, but not a high-quality sushi variety. You can just as well do with commercial short-grain rice (avoid long-grain or perfumed rice, such as basmati or jasmine). If you can get a hold of one of the Japanese brands (all grown in California!), so much the better.<br /><br />Aside from preparing the rice, you really don't need a cookbook and paying about $20 extra for it is really not a worthwhile exercise. The beauty of sushi is that you can pick and choose the ingredients that go in as "stuffing". If you don't like raw fish, there are plenty of raw vegetables and cooked ingredients that you can find. If raw fish is your bag, be careful where you buy it and how you store it--some regulations require sushi-grade fish to be deep-frozen once, then thawed properly before sale. If this is not done properly, the flesh will be off-color, watery and fibrous, as if after a freezer-burn. Supermarket grade raw salmon is not a good substitute either, as it is not handled with proper standards of cleanliness for sushi-grade fish. Avoid lake fish, as they often contain parasites (killed in proper cooking). When out of options, you can always use smoked salmon from a supermarket, other kinds of smoked fish or imitation crab flakes. The best option may be a lightly seared tuna steak, but these are very expensive. Fresh-caught saltwater fish is usually OK. Vegetables can be raw or cooked, but they should be cut into 1/4" strips for use in maki rolls (or sliced diagonally for nigiri). Assembly is simple--for nigiri, just make an oblong rice "ball" from seasoned rice assemble all the "toppings" in reverse order on one hand, pick up the rice ball with the other, then join them together and lightly crimp the toppings on top of the rice. You can use a small dollop of wasabi as a binder, placing it on top of the rice ball before attaching the toppings. If maki assembly instructions don't come with your sushi mat, all you need to know is that the layer of rice should be about 1/4" thick and the "toppings" or "stuffing" go across the mat, closer to the edge from which you start rolling. Also, leave about 1/2" of nori uncovered, so that you can seal the edge once the maki is rolled up. It is quite common to line the sushi mat with two layers of plastic wrap (on both sides!) to simplify the process (and, in some cases, to satisfy sanitary regulations--not applicable at home). Other than the amount, there are really no limits on toppings, as long as they are not liquid.<br /><br />Bottom line is that the kit is serviceable, but with middling or low quality ingredients. It will do in a pinch, but is overpriced and somewhat overhyped. Don't expect to come up with sushi-bar-quality rolls from it, but if you're a novice, this makes for a good introduction.
