I should have known better and heeded the advice of those that had reviewed before me. I picked up a bottle of this horsecrap at Lowe's after trying some of the EcoSMART Mosquito & Tick Control and failing to eradicate my backyard mosquito problem. I figured, how hard could it be to manufacture a garden hose attached spray bottle and adhere to Bernoulli's principle. Apparently the answer is "very."<br /><br />I followed the directions line by line to be sure I didn't screw anything up. I shook the container well. I attached the garden hose to my ready spray nozzle. I made sure the dial was in the off position. Then when I got to step 4 all hell broke loose. I turned the water on carefully (at the faucet, just like the directions said). I hadn't even turned the water on all the way, maybe just 25%, and I noticed from across the lawn that the ready spray nozzle was readily spraying water out the back of the nozzle at extreme pressure. I mean EXTREME pressure. Little tiny streams of super pressurized water that could cut through flesh with more efficiency than a .50 caliber. That lasted for approximately 7 seconds until the entire hose, complete with the screw-on portion of the ready spray nozzle, exploded away from the rest of the container and fired the hose back about 3 feet.<br /><br />Like any good homeowner would do at that point, I turned off the water and strolled over to survey the damage. Thankfully, it looked repairable. I unscrewed the blue screw-end off the hose, making sure that the rubber washer came with it and then forcefully jammed it back onto the end of the nozzle. Maybe I had screwed it onto the hose too tightly, maybe I had turned the water on too fast with too much pressure. I figured what the hell, I'll try it again. 2nd time, same result. 3rd time, same result.<br /><br />For my next attempt I figured I'd outsmart the bugger and skip ahead a few steps. So before turning the water on, I bent the safety tab back and turned the dial clockwise until it stopped. I thought to myself, "Sweet, water will automatically mix with the product when I turn the hose on and I'll eliminate my back pressure problem. Rock on." Naturally my next move was to turn the water on. In hindsight, this was clearly a terrible move. I turned the water on and from the other side of the lawn everything looked to be in order. The sprayer was spraying and the hose was still attached. I jogged over and picked up the bottle and started to walk at a steady pace while spraying using an even sweeping motion, slightly overlapping the areas to be treated. But as soon as I moved the bottle around a little bit, the little tiny streams of super pressurized flesh destroying water returned with a vengeance and began nailing me in the face with anger and rage. I refused to lose and restrained both the hose and the nozzle with both hands using an overhand death grip most likely taught in MMA schools throughout Brazil and other parts of South America.<br /><br />I finally had it under control. The spray was coming out the right end and the hose remained attached to the bottle. Never mind that the muscles in my hands were quickly starting to burn from the sheer force that I had to apply to keep the whole system intact and operating. But whatever, it was working. After a couple minutes of running around my yard like a blind monkey on acid, I decided to look into the clever little window they build into the side of the bottle to make sure that the chemical was actually coming out with the stream of water. Nothing. Hadn't gone down even a centimeter. I set the bottle onto the ground carefully making sure not to loosen up the insanity driven choke grip that I had on the bottle and I watched. I watched for 5 minutes. I smelled the spray coming out looking for any sign of the chemicals. Nothing. Not a god damned thing. The only thing coming out of that sprayer was water.<br /><br />I blinked. It must have been a little longer than average because by the time I opened my eyes the whole thing was over. I was soaking wet. Shoes, shirt, shorts, face, everything. The bottle was laying several feet away. The hose was by my side quietly pouring water onto the lawn. A bird chirped in the distance. At least it was over. After a good fight it was time to accept defeat and move on with my life.<br /><br />I may never be the same after this day. I suspect that the events will be replayed in my mind over and over until I'm left drooling in a corner somewhere mumbling to myself. But before that happens I must warn the others. Don't buy this product. Never buy this product.
