I never was much of a chocolate person. I grew up preferring Strawberry, then Vanilla, and, lastly, chocolate.<br /><br />Then when I was 35, my husband took me with him on a business trip to Switzerland. What a treat that was! Lining the main boulevards were small confectionery shops filled with cocholates the likes of which I had never, ever laid eyes upon. A tiny box of chocolates that would be about 5 inches square and hold 12 pieces of candy cost around $30. But I had no idea that Chocolate could taste so exquistely good or look so beautiful. Little candies with 3 layers of chocolate in various flavors topped with small green candy looking twigs, or hearts, or diamond shapes.<br />Truffles made with plain chocolate or all different types of liquors. If I could have afforded it, I would have eaten myself into the size of a blimp. And the sales people were so delightful, always reminding me that this box was made Today and was meant to be eaten TODAY or it would get stale. I thought about our boxes of chocolate that sit on the shelves for weeks or months and winced. Thankfully, lots of walking was required to see the sights and I was able to eat what I could afford and still not gain! It was like Heaven.<br /><br />But then, back to the States we came. Hersheys just didn't cut it anymore. So I began taste testing what I could find locally always recalling the vendors' words "that chocolate was made today and is to be eatenn today." I tried Truffles, I tried mixed boxes whose photos made them LOOK LIKE the insides of the tiny little boxes in Switzerland. But nothing measured up.<br /><br />One day, I was in a local store and sighted these Guylian Belgian Chocolate Sea Shells. It was my turn to bring treats to a group I go to on Thursdays. The chocolates were on sale and I had noted that the Belgian chocolates I had tried did seem fresher than the others, and tasted better than other brands shipped in Stateside. So I bought two boxes and trooped off to my meeting.<br /><br />As Soon as I had put the chocolate out, I checked to make sure that no one else had brought chocolate as a treat. Nope. Then I took one and ambled away to give them a taste. I wanted to make certain I hadn't bought something awful. So with my back turned to the group, I tried out a piece. I popped the whole thing in my mouth and went through my usualy routine for checking chocolate. I let the piece of candy just lay on my tongue for about 25 seconds until it had softened up and then began lightly and politely sucking on the chocolate. Oh my. It was fresh and had a delightful sweet chocolate taste very similar to the Swiss Chocolate I so loved. In fact, this was just a bit creamier. With little time to spare, I went ahead and bit into the piece expecting solid chocolate. But no, there was a soft inner core of ever sweeter, softer, creamier, fresher, chocolate in the center. I was Delightfully Surprised. Hating to hurry, I went ahead and chewed the piece up so that I could join the group.<br /><br />But my what an experience. I found myself going back to the counter several times during the afternoon, to get another piece of that chocolate I had brought. I urged the others to try it and each one was also very impressed with this chocolate. Where DID you get these? Were they terribly expensive? How long do they keep? Can I put them in my candy jar or will they melt? The SeaShells were an overwhelming success. I shared that I got them at the local pharmacy on the corner, that they were currently on sale, best to eat them as soon as possible, but they will keep in the freezer without problem for a year, and, yes you should be able to keep them in the candy jar as it was then winter here in Arizona, but I would not put them in a jar during the summer. I have found that even with air conditioning, delicate chocolate does not hold up well out of its box when it is hot. Somehow the candies sense the outside heat and their insides get really old and stale and melt. Ugh. Best to keep them in the fridge in the summer. If you buy them on sale as a gift, stick them in the freezer to preserve them like new.<br /><br />I am amazed at how good these are and I do pick them up on sale and pop them in the freezer for gifts, and keep them hidden in the fridge as a treat for myself. They are indeed, the best "other country, Stateside Product" I have found. Whatever theis company does is amazing because these tender candies stay fresh and edible for those of us here. So, I highly Recommend them as they are my favorites. I would NOT order them in the summer or when it starts to get warmish at all as they will probably melt in transit unless they are shipped in dry ice, which I do not know. But I only have them shipped in the dead of winter because it can get so warm here at any time.<br /><br />So, If you are a candy eater, and love foreighn chocolates, then get some of these. They are a wonderful treat. I hope you like them as well as I do.!
