I've used the European style drip sprouters by Bioset, now called the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000N03EK0">Victorio VKP1013 Round Three-Tray Kitchen Seed Sprouter</a>, for over ten years, with good results. There was room for improvement, but overall I was content enough with the experience to lead me to expand my sprouting adventure, and now I also grow micro-greens and baby greens in trays. When I decided to take the Bioset on an extended trip and it cracked (silly me), I thought I'd "upgrade" to this one, on the advice of one of the various sprouting websites out there, which maligned the Bioset-style sprouters and anyone benighted enough to rely on them. The Sprout Master was billed as the best sprouter in the world, a breeze to use, handy, yadda yadda yadda. The best thing since sliced (sprouted-grain) bread.<br /><br />This was not my experience. I guess it boils down to the fact that the set up is not much different than the drip style, with the exception of increased inconvenience. The Sprout Master requires hand rinsing the seeds and sprouts rather than the pour-and-drip system. This did not bother me in and of itself, however, as I enjoy the process of working with the seeds and sprouts as much as eating them. I was happy to put in more work for better results. Also, with this sprouter, you have to soak your seeds first, which the European style ones get around by taking advantage of the varying surface tension of the water of unsprouted and sprouted seeds. When they are unsprouted, a bit of the water sits in the trays, allowing a mini-soak. Once they sprout, more of the water continues its process from tray to tray to the receptacle. If you are really concerned about too much water sitting there (one of the complaints from the sprouting site), you just give it a few quick shakes, and off goes the water. Here, again, I was unperturbed: I like the process of nurturing my sprouts. Nevertheless, I began to wonder whether the results would be much improved.<br /><br />They weren't. It seems there are operational differences as well as the design distinctions. First, the holes for dripping, which I really did like at first to allow for good clean rinsing, are too large to hold alfalfa, mustard, and similar small seeds, even after soaking overnight. You lose even more as you rinse them for the first day or two. Then, unless you mist the seeds, rinsing tumbles them all around, in addition to pushing some through the holes in the early phase. This means that you don't get nice vertical sprouts unless you are uber-careful. Were that not enough, my first batch just got rotten, moldy, and nasty--something that has never happened to me in over a decade of using the drip sprouters. So I resolved to try again, thinking that maybe I didn't pay attention to placing the lids on properly (necessary in order to allow for air circulation). But first I had to pry sprout roots out of the holes without breaking the the sprouter (the build quality is not encouraging), and to poke out the seeds that had wedged into the holes when small and begun to grow, which I'd also never had to do with the drip sprouters. The second time around I got somewhat better results, but they still did not begin to compare to my standard Bioset crop, even ignoring the extra effort and loss of seeds. Far fewer seeds sprouted (and I'm using the same mix as ever), and they were a knotted mess. I could get equally uninspiring results from a mason jar and cheesecloth.<br /><br />Perhaps this sprouter does well with larger seeds or sprouts that you do not intend to grow vertically. It may be, too, that a little perseverance and a few good new tricks for the smaller seed crops would have made this sprouter useful to me, but I did not see the point. I knew I could do better, and the 30-day deadline for returns was glowering. So I sent it back, and am now trying Victorio's updated drip sprouter, the <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005FVPP04">Victorio VKP1014 4-Tray Kitchen Seed Sprouter</a>, which, though still not ideal, I much prefer to the Sprout Master. The new model is BPA free, made of crack-resistant plastic, does away with the little drain spigots of the previous version (an admitted nuisance), and comes with a lid you can use to store the sprouts in a tray in the fridge. At half the price of the Sprout Master. So far, my first set of sprouts (again, using the same mix) did just dandy, without loss of seeds, mold, rot, tumbled sprouts, marauding roots or seed-clogged holes. Plus it looks oh so pretty with the sprouts all green and alive and vertical in there. (The Sprout Master is opaque, so you can't see the sprouts once they've grown--nor would you necessarily want to, unless you have the patience to pamper your seeds so they grow vertically.)<br /><br />In sum, I really wanted to like this sprouter, and feel like a "real" kitchen gardener. But I just didn't. In the end, what sets a real gardener apart is a harvest, not a name brand.
