I only recently bought a bag (a few days ago) and already feel good enough about it to write a review. All we've ever used is clay litter with all our cats over the past 15 years, and we were fine with it. It wasn't until the past couple of years or so that I became aware of the hazards of clay litter (causes respiratory problems in cats, dangerous for young kittens who haven't mastered the art of pottying [they step in their pee, litter clumps to the paws, kitten licks off litter and injests it, kitten dies]). But the healthier stuff is so expensive, and I believed that the stuff we were using was safe enough (we were buying relatively low-dust clay litter). Then we found another kitty on the streets and my brother had a baby, and we became aware of the smells of the litterboxes. There was a definite smell that we hadn't noticed before. So we started trying different stuff, like the 99% dust-free clay, which I still believe is the best of the clay litters. But the smell still remained, no matter how many fans you turned on or how often you used fragrance sprays. I pondered trying Feline Pine (great price at Walmart) or crystals but worried about how my cats would take to weird-looking "kibbles."<br /><br />So a few days ago we took the plunge and bought a bag of Swheat Scoop, which I'd been wanting to try for the past year, and the first thing I noticed when I poured it into a clean box (I didn't bother slowly converting it, the clay litter went into the garbage) was that there was no dust. And just 10 minutes later, the room was obviously much more, well, smell-free. As an experiment, we're using only one box with Swheat Scoop, in my bedroom, and the other two litterboxes downstairs still have clay litter. It's a great way to find out if a cat doesn't like the new stuff without the cat pooping on the floor in a corner because she feels there's no other choice. Plus, being in a small room, it'd be easier to smell anything. So far, the results are obvious. The downstairs stinks, but the upstairs, even the bedroom in particular, is smell-free. Fortunately for me, my bedroom is right across from the bathroom, so I don't have to worry about treking across the house several times a day to clean the box. This is my favorite part, that I can flush it. My back is in heaven! My knees are thanking me! My skin has stopped crawling! All I have to do is bend over, scoop up the poop or pee clump and go to the bathroom and chuck the waste into the toilet. If needed, I return to the box and repeat the process. It's definitely much better than kneeling down and trying to breathe while scooping dusty poop and pee into a bag, then hauling the thing outside (I don't think it was ever an option having exposed poop and pee lying in a garbage can inside the house, lol). I don't know yet if there is a difference when it comes to completely cleaning it out, that is, by dumping out the litter iself and starting over fresh. It must be, because now I don't have to fret about where to put the litter (can't distribute it in the alley driveway, since when it rains, a mess ensues, and if I put it in a bag and put it in the garbage by the back door, you get attacked by the offending smell when you leave or enter the house). Maybe I can dump the Swheat Scoop into the garden at the front of the house, but it'll be at least a few weeks before I have to decide, so we'll see what happens.<br /><br />As for clumping, it works great. It takes a little bit longer for the clumping to actually clump than clay does. When Molly (the newest cat in the family) tried out the litter during the first day we had it, she peed and then tried burying it, but she's a vigorous digger, so she started digging THROUGH the pee, which hadn't clumped yet. So I had to stop her and wait for teeny tiny clumps to form so I could get as much pee out as I could. But if the cat avoids distributing the pee throughout the whole box because she's paranoid about not burying it, everything is fine. Just wait 5 minutes (or less! I haven't exactly timed it yet, lol) and it'll be clumped well enough to move it to the toilet. So far as I can tell, Molly uses it the most, but I don't think Willow has tried it yet (she has sensitive toesies, so I really think she'll like it once she tries it) and I think Buffy has used it only once. SOMEBODY besides Molly has used it at least once already, because the poop I found in there yesterday wasn't the mushy poop that comes from Molly's sensitive tummy. And it's possible that Willow has peed in there by now because I found a Willow-sized clump of pee last night.<br /><br />All in all, I've VERY satisfied with Swheat Scoop and I think it'll be worth the jump in price to keep using it.
