I don't doubt that Cheri's syrup is great and leave that issue as it is.  If however you have visited Arizona and have had a Prickly Pear Margarita in a bar or restaurant they most likely got their syrup from another source; the Cactus Candy Company, located in Phoenix. I got my information from the bar tender at the Phoenician who showed me the Cactus Candy gallon jug of syrup.  They sell it in gallon containers which you need if you entertain guests and continue to offer them Prickly Pear Margaritas.  Amongst my friends Prickly Pear Margaritas have just about eliminated the need to make any of the other flavors.  If you don't have a margarita machine I can help you make better than machine made drinks.<br /><br />For ease of storing and delivering I use the bucket approach.  This allows you to make the mix, freeze it and keep it on hand until guests come.  As frozen the mix is not appetizing.  There is considerable separation of the contents but it doesn't matter as all of the ingredients are together and at the right temperature.  The only thing needed is to thoroughly mix the contents.  For this you will need a commercial blender which means VitaMix or Blendtec (go checkout bars and do research if you must).  I have both and prefer the Blendtec.  These machines are loud and powerful and will quickly mix a pitcher of margaritas (do not overmix as it melts the mixture).  With respect to ingredients I have done the "made from scratch" method which I still prefer for margaritas on the rocks but for frozen drinks I think it is overkill.  When your taste buds are well chilled and you're on the verge of a "brain freeze" the difference between great ingredients and good ingredients is nil.  In the beginning I bought the "On the Border" bucket mixes at Sam's/Costco until I started looking at the costs.  The buckets are expensive but they are reusable.  I still use the same buckets but I now buy Costco Margarita Mix to use in them.  The small buckets hold 80 ounces of drink, 64 of mix and 16 of liquor.  To aid in measuring I have a large 32 ounce measuring cup and add the smallest amounts first.  For the non-alcoholic components use 8 ounces of prickly pear syrup with the remainder (56 oz.) being margarita mix and all poured into the bucket.  The Cactus Candy syrup is thick and very sweet so try following directions first before you experiment.  When in a hurry or serving those that aren't aren't truly your "closest friends" just add 16 ounces of tequila.  While I wouldn't use the cheapest booze there is no reason to exceed the Jos&eacute; Cuervo Especial level for frozen drinks.  At this point you will have satisfying drinks that everyone will rave about.<br /><br />For a little more effort you can improve the mix, but let's review the objectives.  First you have to maintain the desired mix/alcohol ratio:  not enough booze results in a bucket of ice, too much booze and your bucket will have nothing but liquid.  Your goal is to have a drink mixture that will freeze to the extent that ice forms but will never freeze solid.  I wanted to use some liquors to improve the taste but had to maintain the "magic ratio" and too this end I use the following:<br /><br />  2 oz of Grand Marnier<br />  2 oz of Licor 43 (Cuarenta y Tres)<br />  4 oz of Everclear<br />  8 oz of tequila<br /><br />The Grand Marnier adds a fruitier note and the Licor 43, a Spanish liquor is used because it seems to heighten the taste of everything.  The Everclear keeps the alcohol in balance while the tequila completes its namesake.  I can taste the difference between the two but you or your friends may not.  The Licor 43 isn't cheap (about $40) so the experiment is for rich or the bold.  I generally keep 4 buckets of prickly pear mix in the freezer should a party breakout without notice.  Should the mix start to melt such that it can't be served return it to freezer and there should be little that is wasted.  Between the cold and the alcohol it should be safe to drink a long time.  I wouldn't know as my inventory turns over pretty rapidly with the help of guests.<br /><br />Lastly, keep a big pitcher handy during the blending.  The blender cannot mix the whole bucket in one go so do half, pour it in the pitcher then do the other half and finally pour both back into the bucket.  At this point the bucket contents will be well mixed so you can refill the pitcher, put the bucket back in the freezer and start serving guests.  If you are outside and it is humid there should be some frost around the drinking straws.  This indicates that the contents are well below freezing and the mix/alcohol ratio is in the right neighborhood.  I prefer the smaller (64 oz.) buckets as they are easier to store in my side by side refrigerator and the big buckets make a mess as you are trying to get all of the mixture blended using 2 pitchers.  if you use the 96 oz. buckets scale (multiply everything by 1.5) appropriately.<br /><br />Excessive consumption may occur so be prepared for overnight guests but may have benefits:  some discover singing and dancing talents long hidden, women may wake up next to a guy with a hairy back that they didn't like anyway and men may develop a new approach for that pretty girl that had previously threatened to call the police.  Enjoy
