I'm a regular consumer of Starkist's Chunk Light Tuna Lunch Kits. There's always at least one to three of them sitting in my desk drawer at work. I love the crackers that are packaged with those kits, as well as the individual pouches of condiments that can either be added or omitted from your chosen mixture. But those kits, while about half of the price of these, pale in comparison to this kit, if you're looking for something more adult, more elegant, and more Foodie-friendly.<br /><br />GoPicnic's Salmon + Crackers ready to eat meal comes very smartly packaged, with a small, eco-friendly cardboard box that can be closed securely, with a tab that actually, really stays in place and keeps it closed. The box is rife with information and entertainment, from food product blurbs to fun games meant for adults, as opposed to kids.<br /><br />Also highly adult-friendly are the extra little snacks and treats enclosed with the main dish of salmon "salad" and Ritz-type crackers. The snack mix containing the ginger-glazed peanuts, dried cranberries, and banana chips is sweet, crunchy, and chewy all at once. It's a small pouch of snack mix, and the peanuts ARE rather sweet, but being a BIG fan of ginger, I loved the spicy bite of ginger, and how well they paired with the banana chips and dried cranberries. Definitely a step up from other trail mixes, and delicious. The dry-roasted Edamame are DEFINITELY dry (be sure to keep some sort of drink on hand if you plan to eat these in one sitting - you'll NEED some liquid to choke these all down!), but very tasty, and pretty filling. They hit the spot if you're craving a lightly salted, crunchy, nutty treat, but just remember that they ARE dry!<br /><br />As for the salmon spread itself, don't expect yours to look like what's pictured on the box. At least, mine didn't. It was more of a salmon salad puree' with a few cursory chunks of salmon thrown in to remind you that it really did come from an actual fish. Taste-wise, it was very tasty to me, but DID need the crackers to cut the strong flavor. Salmon DOES have a stronger flavor than tuna salad, which I was aware of already, but I enjoy canned and fresh salmon both, so it wasn't terribly off-putting to me. There was a subtle hint of lime, and the spice of the chili perked it up just enough for me, so overall, the flavors combined well, but I felt compelled to eat the salmon mixture on the Ritz-type crackers, whose buttery, flaky taste were a perfect complement. As for the crackers themselves, they were as good as I'd hoped they'd be, and even better than the ones I've come to enjoy so much from the Starkist tuna lunch kits (an unrelated product, but similar). There were enough of them to get me through the small tray of salmon salad from start to finish, and they smoothed out the more distinctive taste of the salmon salad. For me, it really didn't matter whether they were organic or not, but it's a thoughtful consideration for GoPicnic to have made for their potential customers that WOULD have taken issue with it. The one thing that I think GoPicnic SHOULD swap out here, though, is the plastic fork that came enclosed in my kit - a plastic knife would've been much more helpful, but its omission wasn't a deal-breaker for me.<br /><br />Not being a huge chocolate fan on average, and one who avoids dark chocolate in general, I was very pleasantly surprised by the smooth taste of the dark chocolate square included in this kit. I've grown to expect dark chocolate to be bitter, and this square was not. It had a great snap and crunchy bite, was just sweet enough, and was deliciously smooth and creamy, so I was very, very pleased with it. I can see why the chocolate square enclosed in this kit got rated as the best-tasting organic dark chocolate out there. It was really very, very good.<br /><br />Overall, I found this lunch kit to be more than adequate for me as a lunch option, as opposed to simply a snack. With all of the different components in it, all of the small- to medium-sized portions of items added up to, for me, a very filling lunch. The price is a little higher than I'm used to for my fish salad lunch kits, but the product that you get is definitely worth it. It's a step up all around from what I'd grown accustomed to, and had everything in that small box that I believe most people would want.<br /><br />A delicious product for a good price. High quality ingredients, and plenty of sweet and salty treats to satisfy all around! Good stuff!
