Guys: Although I was a bit skeptical at first, I got to say these are pretty neat because you can fill it with your own coffee and it's also a one time use cartridge for about .20 a pop if you go to coffee cap shop (one word) and select the cheapest shipping (100 capsules at $18.00 plus $2.39 shipping).  Nespresso has a very tight grip on the distribution of their capsules, but a slight design change in these allows them to work with the Nespresso machines while still not infringing on their copyright.  Note: There are alternatives to this product which are re-usable called Nex-pod, and another referred to only as "3 Brown or 3 Black"  or coffeeduck <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005ZEGLH2">CoffeeDuck Refillable Coffee Capsules For Nespresso - 3 Pods - Thes Espresso Cups fit all Nespresso machines from after October 2010 - Please make sure you have the correct machine before purchasing</a>..... I haven't tried these myself, they are a bit more expensive and from what I've read in other reviews and have seen on YouTube, they didn't just didn't seem to be the best choice for me; you may want to go online and look at the Amazon reviews of these products to judge yourself.  Also, it looks like the brown ones (which are out of stock) are the ones for Nespresso machines made prior to October 2010; the black ones (still available here) are for machines after 2010 (I have the old original C190 Concept machine (model c190) from 2001). Just as an aside, I've also seen videos of people simply re-using a used Nespresso pod  and re-sealing the foil piece with a new piece of aluminum foil (I tried this once and the results were really crappy and watery, and coffee grounds ended up in my machine).<br /><br />Anyway, back to Ne-Cap.....I fill it with my own espresso grind (illy or Lavazza) and I've got to say that the coffee was good and had a decent crema.  They're pretty easy to use as well, although you might need to experiment a bit with the coffee, grind and amount you put into the capsule to ensure you get a nice rich cup of coffee.  Take out a new capsule, using your pod as the "scoop", scoop it to the very top and then simply wipe off the excess so it is filled to the top but not overflowing the rim, then very carefully peel off the paper ring from the top of the cup (uncovering the sticky ring on the top of the cap) and then place the pre-cut aluminum cap on top of the capsule to seal in the coffee (note: you need to be somewhat careful when you're peeling off the paper from the cup to expose the sticky seal or else you'll also remove the sticky seal which is supposed to stay on the cup).  Although the sticky seal for these capsules is not the same as the Nespresso air tight seal (which I think is only done to keep their packaged coffee fresh), the seal is good enough to perform the job and prevent coffee from exploding outside the capsules.  I know their video shows them tamping down the coffee pods as they fill them, but for me, no tamping works best (and it's simpler).<br /><br />After experimenting a bit, I noticed that if you want the richer coffee and thick crema, you should stick with a darker roasted, robusta beans, finely ground (espresso or fine grind...check out <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001E5E0D8">Lavazza Crema e Gusto Ground Coffee, Italian , 8.8-Ounce Bricks (Pack of 4)</a> which is primarily robusta and is on sale with subscribe and save).  And when tamping down on the coffee, don't pack it in too much before attaching the foil top or else you just get a little dribble of coffee coming out (and in all honesty, I've been using these capsules for some time, but every once in awhile, this still happens to me. The drink is fine, it just takes awhile longer to fill the cup).  Along with the illy brand of coffee,  Cafe Pico, Cafe Bustelo, Lavazza Crema and Pilon also do a very good job in these capsules. If you want to see how much coffee Nespresso uses in their capsules, you can also open up a new Nespresso capsule and see what the grind looks like and the amount of coffee they use so you get an idea. I'm too cheap to do that ;-)<br /><br />I wouldn't recommend making these cups too far in advance (since you don't have an airtight seal once you make the cup), but instead make them when you're ready to use them that day.  Although this may seem a bit of work if you're in a rush (and remember, you do have to buy your own coffee), it is sort of fun to experiment with the different blends (you can use any full or half decaff coffee for those last minute guests that want espresso without all the caffeine or you can experiment and add flavorings like vanilla, spices etc.).
