I bought a jar of this thing on Aug 16 for seven bucks (and free delivery if over Amazon's minimum for such). It came pretty fast, in a semi-liquid state but not leaking; rather well packaged. I let it melt completely in a warm room (CO melts at about 80 deg F) and then put it in the fridge to let it solidify. One of the reasons I did (and always do) that is to smooth out the texture: as is, every type of CO I've tried comes in like a bunch of white fibers stuck in more even liquid, but if you thaw it completely and then freeze, it becomes all evenly semi-transparent, like one thick candle sort of thing. It probably doesn't matter; just a personal quirk, I guess.<br /><br />Anyway, this is good stuff: the taste is nice -- very good for sweetich things like carrots or plums, for example (I always have a bowl of very lightly steamed carrots around, and I snack on them, taking one and dipping it into CO, which is good for two reasons: first, it tastes great, and second, carotene is fat-soluble so you need to combine carrots with some sort of fat or it won't be used by the body well).<br /><br />All in all, there isn't much to say -- CO is CO is CO; this kind is no different from other types I've tried. CO in general is shamelessly hyped as a sort of panacea from every health problem known to man; this is mostly lies, but two things are true: it is tasty, and it's good for skin/hair (I've tried both, and it's true, it works). Don't believe anything else and don't "take" it daily as if it were a medicine: it's pure saturated fat and that's the end of it: it will raise your cholesterol as any other kind of saturated fat. As far as its being a weight-loss agent, this is not a complete lie, but remember, it works only if you _substitute_ CO for other kinds of saturated fats (that means quit eating butter, meat, etc.) If, otoh, you simply _add_ it to your normal diet, you're not gonna lose any weight -- instead, you're gonna gain weight at least as good as you would otherwise + increase your cholesterol. But if you decide to substitute, do not think it's an easy choice: CO is pure saturated fat, whereas other sources of saturated fats (butter, meat, etc.) come with a lot of nutritional goodness like vitamins, proteins, and the like -- things that CO is wholly devoid of. So my suggestion, for what it's worth (not much, I know) is to use CO just as another agreeable food to be used in moderation, not a magic medicine. I read somewhere that a 40-sh male in good health on a 2000 cal/day diet can get 200 calories from saturated fats w/o harming himself.<br /><br />One other thing I wanted to mention: the jar says it's "pure extra virgin" -- keep in mind that "extra virgin" is meaningful only when applied to olive oil. That is because there are specific and stringent industry standards stipulating what constitutes "virgin", "extra virgin", etc. There are no such standards about any other oils, so saying your CO is "extra virgin" communicates zero useful information and is no more than disingenuous hand-waving. It's like Nutiva says on their jars "no cholesterol!". No kidding, it's like wood-free nails. Of course plant-derived foods have no cholesterol, but BS rules in this industry, so just be aware of what's what and smart enough to dismiss useless hype like claims of a CO being "extra virgin".<br /><br />OK, there's really no more to say: as long as you use this tasty substance rationally, it's good stuff, so bottomline is: recommended -- except for one thing: just as I was deciding it's time to post a review and navigating to this page, I noticed that the price went up by the mind-blowing 60 percent since, not just since I bought it (two weeks ago), but literally within the last few days. Does my salary go up 60 percent in a couple of days? No. So, while the product is good and I can't give it less than five stars, I will suggest you do not reward naked greed and at least try to find better-priced alternatives. Especially in this economic environment that we have right now. The current price here is even higher than it is in Wegman's (brick-and-mortar grocery store; they carry it, but it's more than the seven bucks I bought it for here).<br /><br />PS. Btw, I see now someone reports that this oil comes in a glass jar: this is a bare-faced lie. The jar is transparent plastic, quite soft actually, so you can't _honestly_ mistake it for glass. Be extremely suspicious about these massive five-star reviews (here and elsewhere); I for a long time have a feeling those are posted by manufacturers' employees to create hype (and why not? Amazon does nothing to guard against fake reviews; all one needs to do in order to start posting reviews (real OR fake) is buy something once from this site). Some reviews read like the reviewer hasn't actually seen the product in question and is interested only in adding another five-star rating, not the review.<br /><br />PPS. Thanks to commenters Lulu and Adriana for additional info and helpful suggestions.
