Evilspeak (1982), written and directed by Eric Weston, features Ron Howard's lesser known, but more prolific brother Clint Howard (both started out on the classic television series The Andy Griffith Show, as Opie and Leon, respectively).  During the 70's, both brothers starred in a spate of schlocky B movies like Eat My Dust! (1976) and Grand Theft Auto (1977), (most likely due to the fact that they probably had great difficulty in breaking out of the roles they played as children) to name a couple, and while brother Ron used the opportunity to get into directing (he directed the latter of the two films mentioned), his brother Clint seemed content to keep working in front of the cameras, enjoying his status of forever the character actor dwelling on the Hollywood fringe, managing to develop a long, successful career out of it, even making supporting appearances in some of his brothers films (ahhh, sweet nepotism), like Far and Away (1992), Apollo 13 (1995), and Edtv (1999), but his destiny seems to lie in the world of the B movie, and it seems to fit him perfectly.<br /><br />In this film, Clint plays Stanley Coopersmith, a cadet at a military school.  Stanley possesses an above average IQ, is odd looking, an orphan, a loner, and is highly uncoordinated (his fumbling of the ball during the school's soccer matches leads to much angering of the other players along with the coach).  All of these things add up to incessant picking on by a popular clique led by Bubba (played by Don Stark, whom I recognized but couldn't place until I read that he currently appears on the TV show That 70's Show as the goofy neighbor Bob Pinciotti...man, he's really changed, and not for the better).  They harass Stanley constantly, playing all sorts of pranks on him and just making his life miserable.  Stanley is also harassed by others, like his soccer coach, the school's commandant, and even the school's priest, to some degree.  What's a nerd to do?  Well, the answer comes one day while Stanley is cleaning the basement of the school's church as punishment, which happens to have some secret catacombs as the current church sits atop a much older church erected by people cast out of their homeland so many hundreds of years ago and left on the shores of America for their heresy in following religions darker path.  Stanley finds a secret room, which contains many things, including a dark tome, spelling out rituals of evil and instructions on performing black mass.  With the help of an Apple computer borrowed from the school's library, Stanley intends on calling up dark powers to aid him in dealing with his tormentors, but will he get more than he bargained for?  You bet he will...<br /><br />Clint is always fun to watch, and he doesn't disappoint here.  Turning to the dark side to gain supernatural powers to use against my enemies wouldn't have been my first choice, but to each his own.  The story itself is pretty solid, despite various plot holes, and moves along at a steady pace, keeping the viewer's interest throughout until the film's end.  There is a pretty good heaping of gore and nastiness, specifically near the end of the film, along with a couple of scenes with nekkid women (the scene with the secretary taking a shower seemed a bit odd, as she appeared to have a problem with one of her milk glands, as if it was partially deflated somehow, but I digress).  One thing I found interesting was the level of revenge exacted on Stanley's tormentors seemed proportional to the amount of harassment they inflicted on him.  Decapitations, death by possessed pig, removal of vital organs, etc., it's here and more.  Clint is backed up by a rich supporting cast, including veteran film and television actors R.G. Armstrong (Race with the Devil), Joseph Cortese (American History X), Claude Earl Jones (Used Cars), Heywood Nelson (Dwayne from the TV show What's Happening!), and Charles Tyner (The Outlaw Josey Wales).  Probably the element that will put people off most is the exceptionally cheap looking animated graphics supposed to simulate on screen computer graphics, but I found it kind of charming, in its' own cheesy way.  The film's not really scary, but it does get pretty graphic, and those with a weak stomach would probably do well to avoid this film.<br /><br />This release from Anchor Bay Entertainment boasts a restored and uncut version of the film, which means some of the more gory and graphic scenes of bloody carnage removed due to the MPAA's (Motion Picture Association of America) ever changing archaic rules and regulations (this is the group that gave the film Midnight Cowboy, which later won the Oscar for best picture, an unnecessary X rating at the time of its' release) have been put back in...this is one of my favorite aspects about the DVD format, being the opportunity to see movies as they were originally intended to be seen, before they were hacked up in an effort to satisfy some pain in the rear censorship board.  The special features contained on this release include a good-looking wide screen format (some scratches are present), an entertaining audio commentary by writer/producer/director Eric Weston, a production cast member named Warren Lewis, and star Clint Howard, a original theatrical trailer, biographies, a photo gallery, and booklet insert with liner notes.  If I learned anything from this film, it's that it's not unusual for a military academy to keep a stall of pigs on premises.  It certainly serves a purpose as you can have your underachieving cadets clean the pen as a form of punishment, allowing for a less than surefooted victim to slip and fall into all sorts of nastiness...pig guano...ewwwww...overall, this is a three star film with an extra star for the special features.<br /><br />Cookieman108<br /><br />PS...look for Richard Moll, Bull on TV's Night Court, as Father Esteban...
