As another reviewer stated, many of the reviews for this product are actually for a DIFFERENT raw cacao powder- from alive and aware, ecuadorian criollo raw cacao powder. That is what I ordered about 3 months ago and it was AWESOME! I am almost out and when I went to reorder my amazon account directed me to this product, from SAQUIN??, which is NOT what I ordered, and it is more expensive- the same base price but i got it with FREE shipping, not 15 bucks so that is a big price increase.  I know it was still from alive and aware mid-february, but recently something changed.<br />I am really confused/irritated how my review for "alive and aware raw cacao" got switched to a different brand from a different seller?!?! i mean, can't they just say "out of stock" or "currently unavailable" like they do with other stuff. why would they switch reviews around?<br />Seems very underhanded to transfer reviews from a different product to a newer one, especially since as the other reviewer stated they are NOT comparable and this stuff from SAQUIN is terrible compared to what we were getting from alive and aware. also the price increase is pretty shocking! i guess it is the market, and raw cacao is in higher demand. Too bad that was such an awesome price for really awesome cacao.<br />I did recently order alive and aware's raw criollo cacao nibs and i highly recommend those. they are as the description states, from alive and aware, not another brand.<br />Frankly I am beginning to wonder about some of the "brands" and "vendors" that ship from Amazon. I know they have warehouses in different parts of the country, but it is a little suspicious and I just wish there was more transparency about what comes from Amazon and what comes from a different company. seems like halal everyday, alive and aware, etc, are almost interchangable since amazon took the liberty to take reviews from alive and aware and post them to halaleveryday/saquin. are these really different companies, under the auspices of amazon, or is it amazon by a different name only? like the other reviewer said, he ordered something that said "alive and aware" in the description and when it came it was from saquin/halal everyday.  who knows. i just want some more transparency so i can have more trust when ordering from amazon.<br /><br />For now, i am going to seek out another source, not through amazon, that stands behind their cacao. it is very important to me, for health benefits and the ecological/social impacts of where it is harvested, to know that i am getting top-notch, certified organic, raw cacao. if amazon is going to be so wishy-washy and sneaky, I'm going elsewhere. (wagging finger at amazon!)<br /><br />I think for now I will leave the following review for alive and aware in case they do bring it back.<br /><br />Heavens to Besty, this stuff ROCKS!! It is such a good value too, maybe the best out there as I have def shopped around.  I have tried a few different brands of raw organic cacao powder, and this is certainly top-notch.  Kudos to Alive and Aware for offering it at such a reasonable price!!<br />I am not a raw foodie per say, but I try to follow a neo-paleo protocol which includes super foods such as raw cacao.  Properly prepared, with just enough natural sweetener, I think this is a truly guilt-free pleasure.  It is LOADED with antioxidants, as you probably know.  So go ahead, get the big bag.  You can then share it with friends and family and turn them on to this super groovy super food "of the Gods" (theobroma) as they say :)<br />My favorite way to consume it is actually as not so hot cocoa- I just whisk it into gently heated fresh (raw) whole milk or cream (so it's not too hot and to preserve as much nutrients as possible, I know it's not 100% raw  but hey this is how I love it!), add just enough sweetener (I like sorghum molasses, a scant t-spoon), a bit of maca powder, a dash of real salt, and after that's thoroughly whisked I top it off with a spoonful of EVO COCONUT OIL- YUMM!!! I have converted everyone, even the kids I babysit (who used to prefer swiss miss). Or I make a concentrated warm cocoa beverage sans maca and coconut oil and then stir it into my raw milk for a half gallon of raw chocolate milk, lightly sweetened.  You better believe it goes fast!!  I love my family to get their good old fashioned grass fed animal fats with bioavailable vitamins A, D and the X- factor (read Weston A Price) and loads of antioxidants from the cacao to boot.  Plus cacao activates the seratonin receptors and sorry I am bit fuzzy but you know it makes you feel good and happy!!<br />Also process it with EVO Coconut Oil and sweetener such as sorghum or honey or maple syrup in your cuisinart for heavenly truffles- refrigerate for proper texture due to coconut oil.  I often toss in soaked,dried nuts and dried unsulfured fruit and shredded coconut for healthy truffle energy bars. just process in batches so it's kind of homogenous. Like those lara bars but cheaper and no packaging and even organic or raw.<br />Go for it! Buy this huge bag, share the goodness and you'll be healthier and happier for it. I guarantee!!  PEACE be with You!
