I searched online for some good quality Pu-Erh tea and sifted through a large number of sites.  They varied much in price and ease of ordering.  Usually the best deals required me buy in larger bulk than I wanted to and to trust some site with my credit card that I did not want to risk.  I usually prefer to order through Amazon these days, because my transaction feels more secure and I can buy from many companies while only entrusting my card to one company.  2 pounds is an amazingly large amount of tea and was competitive with the price per a pound of bigger bulk orders.  It will last me a long time.  The Pu-Erh tea from this company is fermented, as far as I can tell, by the traditional method, but is somewhat younger than some of the more aged versions that I encountered online and the more aged version that I got from the local Asian market here.  That the version is less aged is admitted to in the company description of their own product.  I like this kind of full disclosure (I also found the company to be prompt in their delivery, even with super saver shipping, which can sometimes be slower than the usual paid standard delivery, they were about medium speed, not the fastest, but within 10 days).<br /><br />I mainly got the Pu-Erh tea because of its reputation as a "chi tonic".  I did find this version to preserve what I feel are the medicinal properties that I valued and therefore it compares favorably to the more aged versions.  I can feel what I call the "chi effect" after drinking a cup, feeling some subtle energies move more easily through my body and my sinuses passages open more to allow deeper breathing.  I found a bonus with Pu-Erh tea that I am gently losing some pounds and moving toward by ideal weight more easily.  I found that this weight loss effect was mentioned in some write ups about Pu-Erh tea on the internet, but I generally did not give this kind of assertion any strong belief or disbelief.  Happy to say, this one seems to really work for me in this regard.  I have been focusing on a diet to help me move toward my ideal weight already, but found the progress slower.  After taking Pu-Erh tea about 3 times a day, the pounds are coming off and staying off (about one pound every one or two weeks).  I am sure part of the results is due to my diet and also to "Kapha Tea" (Ginger, Clove, Dill Seed, and Fenugreek, roughly equal amounts with one tablespoon in two cups of water, lightening up on the cloves if too strong) by Patti Garland (a more detailed recipe can be found online by putting the name of the tea into a search engine and finding the Aryurvedic chef mentioned).  But I did not make easy and consistent progress before Pu-Erh was added.  I sweeten my tea with some drops of Stevia, an extract of a leaf that tastes a little like anise or a mild licorice.  I like this better than the artificial sweeteners that I suspect are brain excito-toxins or the variations of white sugar which put a load on our insulin.<br /><br />Just as an FYI to those who are interested in getting similar results, I drank a cup or two of Pu-Erh tea in the morning, before eating anything and would wait until it moved through my system (going to the bathroom) before eating any food.  My diet is vegan, relatively free of processed food, fried food, grain, sugar, and flour products, and gluten free, with an emphasis on leafy greens, especially kale, baby bok choy, and collards, with organic firm non-GMO tofu, garbanzos, pinto beans, black beans, and peas as my protein sources.  I am not saying that the same diet would work for anyone else, but I though giving some sense of my diet may help others to decide what might work for them.  I found it was also important to identify "addictive foods" and avoid them.  I do not mean the usual kind of addictions, but the kinds with "brain hijackers" that induce a craving to have more, most of them have a lot of salt, sugar, and/or starch and the worse seem to have MSG (which can be disguised as natural flavor, autolyzed yeast, or hydrolyzed vegetable protein, many companies are clearly mentioning when they do not have it on their labels), and all of them are processed foods.  I have actually been noticing the "hijack effect" and it is even keyed into the advertisements.  It is like we are trained to want them, both by pictures and chemistry.  It was a shock to notice how well they worked on me until I noticed what was going on.  It think it is easier for any diet to work once this is noticed.  It requires a little discipline to resist, but not too much.
