Dilmah teas are singles source, 100% Ceylon teas from Sry Lanka. Ceylon teas grown on the large Island nation of Sri Lanka share a bright, pleasant, smooth flavor that varies with the elevation where the teas are grown (as well as with the variety of tea plant, of course). In general, lowland teas are robust, dark, and powerful while teas grown high in the mountains (up to 6,000+ feet) tend to be lighter in color, more complex in taste, like a fine Himalayan Darjeeling. This is a gross generalization; however, one can taste strong differences. Most teas, even many loose teas, are blends from different estates. Dilmah blends are all excellent, especially their Supreme Ceylon, yet something individual and unique is lost in a blend. There is something special about experiencing a tea taken from a single estate and type of tea plant. Most Americans prefer tea bags. Until now, single-source Estate teas have only been available as loose tea (for good reason, because tea bags generally contain tea leaf powder, or fannings and dust, not whole leaves, so they will color quickly and produce fast flavor in the cup). As a result, most Americans, unless they go out of their way to buy the few good brands of tea bags, such as Numi, never drink a decent cup of tea! Even "good" tea bags from Numi, Peet's tea, or Republic of Tea tend to be blends or "flavored" teas containing jasmine, chai spices, etc. Dilmah's Single Estate Tea bags are different...<br /><br />The special Dilmah bag design and the quality loose tea in that bag produces a delicious, single Estate cup of tea. I was skeptical at first, but, knowing Dilmah's quality, I gave the Somerset Estate tea a try. It is delicious! A smooth, beautifully colored and highly flavorful black tea. Delightful for morning or afternoon, with or without food or sweets. High quality loose tea in a tea bag costs a bit more; however, if you don't want the hassle of brewing with loose tea in a tea pot, or need a nice tea to enjoy in your office, this is the tea for you! In fact, I suggest you give all Dilmah teas a try. They are new to the U.S. and, as far as I know here in S. California, only available online. As such, they make a unique gift a recipient has not seen in every store.<br /><br />Dilmah single source fine Ceylon tea finally came to the United States only a few years ago. We first tasted Dilmah teas in Moscow, Russia back in 1994. At that time, Dilmah was a brand limited to European countries and Russia. As an everyday tea bag, Dilmah had the dark, tasteless Lipton tea bags ubiquitous to U.S. restaurants beat hands down. It was a flavorful, slightly sweet, pleasant daily tea. I enjoyed it so much I brought a giant box home in my luggage both times I went to Russia. Unfortunately, I could not buy Dilmah anywhere in the U.S. Fast forward to just a few years ago when an importer finally brought this extraordinary tea brand to the U.S. I initially ordered from one of only a handful of online sellers ([...] that offers free shipping), but I'm delighted to discover that a selection of Dilmah teas are now available from Amazon. It appears Dilmah is finally being "discovered," and that's about time.<br /><br />For those with a social conscience for workers and the environment, I've discovered that Dilmah teas are ethically grown and owned by the tea growers (that's an important boost to quality). The company takes care of its workers (mostly experienced women picking in the field) by providing village-based work and has established a humanitarian assistance foundation: [...]. Dilmah is involved in housing, builds local schools, and so forth. Dilmah also cares about the environment and the wildlife that lives on the land where their ancient tea plants are grown. The company supports wildlife protection and conservation through their Dilmah Conservation organization: [...]. That means a lot to me as a consumer.<br /><br />You can learn more and watch videos at [...]. Give this ethical, high quality, reasonably priced tea brand a try! If you are seeking an inexpensive tea bag to replace your ho-hum Lipton or Tetley or generic store tea bags, try Dilmah's blue box, inexpensive, Premium Leaf Dilmah Ceylon tea bags. If you want individually foil wrapped, good quality tea bags for office or travel, order one of their boxed teas, such as Ceylon Supreme, Irish Breakfast, or Afternoon Tea. Their British Breakfast blend tea bag is also good. For luxurious, single estate tea bags, try Somerset Estate. For single region teas (from several local Estates) try Uda Watte (high grown at 4-5,000 ft) and Ran Watte (high grown at 6,000 ft, similar to a Darjeeling).<br /><br />Dilmah is our favorite every day tea brand. It deserves more "shelf space" in the USA. (Dump your over-hyped, mediocre TAZO tea brand, Starbucks, and pick up Dilmah quality instead!)
