FIRST -- Let me tell you that I am the type of person who -- while not fat, does need to be aware of weight issues and watch calories.  A woman reaches an age where even a former skinnywinny has to do that.  And I am a former skinnywinny who used to eat the entire bread basket and ask for more at a restaurant before the meal even arrived. I love bread. . . all kinds of bread.  And I hate having to limit how much I eat of it these days. So, three cheers (or 30) to Wegman's food for producing the only product I've ever found to satisfy my craving for bread -- and for ONLY 16 calories per slice . . .er, per "popcake."  I've tried Ak-Mok, flat bread, pita bread, Ry-Krisp, home-baked, wheat thins, salt-rising, oat bread, seven-grain, organic, beer bread, sour dough, high-fiber/low fat bread, Trader Joe's mini-muffins, the 45-calorie slices one of the bakeries puts out, hi-fiber low-cal white tortillas (which aren't horrible) . . . but this stuff ACTUALLY DOES quench my bread cravings with minimum calories and maximum satisfaction.  Forget those puffed rice cakes! Yeeccchhh! Like eating styrofoam.  Plus, they crumble all over the place.  But these are heaven.  I cannot get enough. Or, rather, I CAN get enough to satisfy me so that I do not have to stuff my face on actual bread. Maybe it's the shape. They're about the size of a tortilla, only puffy. Texture is similar to the rice cakes, except for the "mouthfeel," (I understand this is a technical term that professional food tasters use, ha ha!). These feel a little "slick" in your mouth, which is so much better than rice cakes and, somehow, they are not as dry. They're a little "glossy" on the tongue, not "matte" and flat.<br /><br />You can cut them in half and put sandwich spread on them, such as tuna fish, or diet mayo, cucumber, and thin slices of lunch meat or roast beef, or ham and mustard.  Then cover them with the other half and you have a sandwich! With only 16 calories of bread!  Or, you can even eat peanut butter and jelly.  IT's easy to spread them with tub/bin-style margarines or butter substitutes... Or, even whipped butter if you want to pig out.  Or, eat them with a thin trail of honey drizzled over them.<br />However you use bread, you can use these (except for French toast -- I'm sure that would NOT work.)  I have not put them into the toaster yet, but I might try it on low at some point. (They might shrivel or burn fast . . .I don't know.  But my instincts tell me they'd be okay on the "low" setting, and just get brown and even tastier. I love to put soft boiled eggs on them with salt substitute and pepper, though I boil the eggs until the yolk has thickened a little and isn't really too runny anymore because if you put really wet things on these, the liquid WILL bleed through and drop on your blouse or something.  I would NOT put pickle relish on them (too wet), or tomatoes (unless I covered the "popcake" with a layer of mayo, butter, or a big, wide lettuce leaf).  I did eat them with a pretty runny egg once and the egg dripped out through a soaked crack in the popcake.<br /><br />I think the thing I love most about them is that, while they are mostly AIR, they actually TASTE like yeasty bread.  And they are really crisp.<br />I can eat a whole one during the afternoon -- either along with shaved carrots and Laughing Cow lite cheese, or with a piece of low-fat, or no-fat cheese and cucumber and mustard or lite mayo.  It's flavor, plus texture...  I suppose if I sprayed them with butter spray, and sprinkled them with that yellow "popcorn salt" that you can buy in some grocery stores, I could sneak about 7 of them into the theater in my purse and be very happy guzzling them down and pigging out on them for about 112 calories.  That would get me through a movie... ha, ha.  I could have my "popcake" and eat it too!  Normally I do not go on and rave about products.  And I realize it's a matter of personal taste.  Some people might find them a bit styrofoamy due to their airy texture.  But I am so grateful to have found a substitute for bread that actually has that "bready" taste, something that I can use for sandwiches (which I love) and still feel satisfied, that I am celebrating the crispy texture rather than complaining about missing that yielding, semi-moist texture and fragrance of fresh-baked bread. I feel like I've just gone to Marshall's and bought a Ralph Lauren Black Label Evening Gown that fits great and looks like dynamite for only $10.99.  If you have to buy $30 worth of these, or 10 of them, to qualify to purchase them online, I believe you will not regret getting so many UNLESS THEY GET STALE DURING SHIPPING.  I would not know about that.  I got mine at Whole Foods in Massachusetts.  Not sure if they're available on the West Coast -- I've not ever seen them there.  And never at a standard grocery store like Ralph's, Von's, Safeway, Market Basket, Albertson's, or other chains.  Just Whole Foods, though some of the other artisan-style foodstores might -- just might -- carry them.  You might check the actual Coco foods site by doing a search engine search.  Anyway, I think this is one of the best diet aids EVER! Hope this helps.  And no, I do not work for the company or have any relatives working for them.  I usually am a bit critical of products.
