Immediately after drinking Penta, I definitely felt "refreshed" (whatever that means), the texture seems "smoother" and the water appears clearer, but I believe that these characteristics are merely psychosomatic and fall in line with thinking of what pure water means. I felt calmer overall, but I attribute this to the water, not the oxygen. Otherwise, I think the oxygen takes away from the full benefit of the product.<br /><br />After a few cycles of testing Penta, my instincts kicked in and I started reading about the effects of too much oxygen in the body and brain. Since it stands to reason that if Penta is infusing their bottles with oxygen, their water would end up being impregnated with it. Though the oxygen in their bottles could be minimal, it could be enough to offset the nitrogen and carbon dioxide levels in the blood after drinking enough of it, especially with their patented level of filtration. There's no doubt that Penta water feels like it is being absorbed more readily than others, an effect which seems enhanced when drinking it cold. I have noticed this effect also when I had a bout of altitude sickness in Colorado. At the time, someone recommended I drink plenty of water to feel better as it had oxygen in it. I found some bottled water (from another commercial brand) and drank as much as I could. I could literally feel the water oxygenate my body as I drank it.<br /><br />Logically, then, one might assume that water impregnated with oxygen would be better for you. I believe, though, that the benefits of oxygen in water are only met if the oxygen is within natural levels. Penta claims they add oxygen only to tighten the bottle. I'm sure their marketing team knew that people would come to their own conclusions about this statement and may assume that this was yet be another "purifying" aspect of Penta water. I know of no other drink manufacturer adding oxygen just to tighten their bottle, so I doubt there is a real concern about its use for packing purposes. For some of you who drink several bottles of Penta a day, you may want to consider how much you are over-saturating your blood with oxygen.<br /><br />I started doing some research on Penta with a much more critical eye. That is when I found James Randi. Mr. Randi, as some of you know, is a hyperbolic debunker and skeptic who has offered a one-million-dollar prize to anyone "who can show under proper observing conditions, evidence of any paranormal, supernatural, or occult power or event." After reading the letters (*which can be read publicly online) exchanged between Mr. Randi and the owner of Penta, I got the impression that the owner was just another health trend exploiter, not some arbiter of a new scientific frontier. The guy can't even spell. My thoughts are that this person stumbled upon the next trend of water purification and made a business decision to add a little something extra to merit a higher price point that would reap a greater profit than a competitor's brand. Don't get me wrong. I believe that deionized, low pH, metals -and -trace pharma free water is legit, but claims that Penta water is somehow more special than others using the same methods are truly unmitigated.<br /><br />I think people who are health-conscious these days are toeing the line between reasonable skepticism and hopeful hypochondriacs. I wanted to believe, like many people these days, that I could use an inexpensive regimen of pure supplements to undo any damage I've done to my body. I imagine that people think that when something like water, a necessary ingredient for sustaining human life, is hard to come by in an unadulterated state, it somehow means that ingesting great amounts of pure water must act as some sort of great equalizer in the body, that if you drink clean water, you are aiding your body in being able to reverse and repair damage.<br /><br />I'm sure some of you think my impressions of Penta are crackpot science at best, but consider how it is no different than staring at a few pdfs on the manufacturer's site, understanding none of it, and yet still believing a doctor claiming better benefits who was likely funded by Penta themselves to do the research. This method of boosting the appearance of legitimacy for purified water is common. Look up "Ilumati Lithia water." It appears they had involvement with a clinical trial from the University of British Columbia, a study that has been suspended due to "logistical issues." It's not that as a given I don't believe in the truthfulness of clinical trials. I just won't fall prey to believing that a product is better simply because it was involved in a clinical trial, especially if the product developer has anything to do with it. Think of how you yourself may be buying into quackery just by taking what a business driven for profit says at face value.<br /><br />I urge you to take stock of your own body and share what you've realistically experienced with Penta. I still believe pure water is extremely helpful for the body's regulation. Though this is not a cure-all, based on the competition out there, I believe this could be the best water on the market - if oxygen wasn't placed in the bottle as "added value."
