I'm a chemist so I guess the test tubes caught my eye. I've been perfecting my cooking skills and figuring out what to fill my pantry with. I was prone to scoff at fancy sea salt admirers but my father did once have me taste one of his friend's salt company salt, dug up somewhere in Utah that contained lots of minerals besides sodium and it was indeed more complex and interesting than normal salt. And smoked salt? What is that?! Well, to find out, even in NYC would have involved buying lots of big bottles of the stuff, likely over time so I would lack a real sense of whether I was missing out on something special.<br /><br />That said, most of these taste about the same but may differ a bit in texture. Most are too coarse to imagine sprinkling on prepared food without grinding. The difference in coarseness makes wet finger dip comparisons imprecise. So I used a mortar to grind them for comparison. Most are not a harsh as normal table salt, but over half do translate to "just salt" after an initial second long delay as a slight mineral taste is noticed (perhaps!). I say perhaps, since no, few of the unsmoked ones taste noticeably different than normal salt. Even the pitch black unsmoked one (a great gimmick for a transparent table salt grinder at least). One tastes pleasantly "fishy".<br /><br />The smoked salts differ the most and are the most interesting by far and are quite different from each other. When ground in a mortar, you can tell it's just a surface coating, but they are much nicer than liquid smoke flavor, and the flavor survives just fine when ground. The most intense smoked one (Hickory) is now my favorite addition to bulky salad (olives, cheese, radish sprouts, sour cream, bamboo shoots, roast pepita seeds, horseradish, Worcestershire, sesame oil). It's an aftertaste, actually, that noticeably builds up, making each bite more dynamic. Their aroma is intense too and has its own dynamic. I'm delighted that I can buy hickory smoked salt in bulk now! It might be overkill for some dishes though.<br /><br />Alas, I have not in fact discovered a whole palette of flavors, just various textures and discolorations of salt, with much difficulty in figuring out which if any are favorites. Most are quite better than normal salt since for some reason when similarly ground, normal salt comes on way too fast. I can rule out about a third which translate to "just as harshly one dimensional as table salt". On scrambled eggs, it's a tough call. The serious division between "harsh" and "subtle" is stark, but I don't notice much variation of subtlety.<br /><br />Another big difference is between highly crystalline vs. "wet" samples. They may not actually be full of moisture but may just have more types of ingredients than just sodium chloride so have failed to crystallize as pure salt prior to being mined, but the "wet" ones would not work well in a table grinder at all. The bottles are labeled as to each samples uses (finishing, table, cooking).<br /><br />As a product, it would make a great gift, and in fact was packaged as a gift, with burlap sacks tied with twine. The labels are high quality bare paper. As an avid cook, I'd have been blown over had anybody given me this as a gift. I give it four stars since it did not come with what would have been most interesting off all: a brochure explaining the origin and rough mineral content of each sample. The "fishy" one has sulfur in the name, and the taste fits that description.<br /><br />Next step: after quickly discarding the obvious poseurs (merely pretty colored samples that lack any subtlety), a process of elimination! I don't intend to keep this kit, despite the social fun it might be, but to in fact toss one tube at a time until I'm down to only one or two smoked versions and only one table salt alternative, with the sulfur one needing separate consideration. I can't taste the sulfur one on eggs, for obvious reason that they are already sulfurous. It's way too hard to compare one to another, and crazy too, since A/B variations would number in the thousands, but quite easy to compare one at a time to normal salt, so that's why I'll do, to get rid of as many as possible. That last thing I'm interested in is fooling myself, so if half my salad or eggs or whatever routine meal I make doesn't taste truly superior with a given tube's contents, out it goes! I predict, after this second day of playing around that I will quickly eliminate a tube or two a day until it becomes more a consideration of texture and availability of a single normal salt alternative. I am almost completely convinced that normal salt really does pack too much punch due to lack of other ionic minerals in the product.<br /><br />My taste buds got too overwhelmed trying to solve the puzzle in one day. What fun, to do taste tests every day for days going on weeks!
