I generally don't take caffeine, but I do try to always keep a pack or two of Jolt gum in my car for safety when I find myself nodding off or getting very sleepy. Safety first; I've learned to trade dogma for pragma at that point. The gum is not made by Jolt itself, it's a licensing gimmick. But, the gum is darn good, too! Good quality gum base and flavor. I do prefer the spearmint. Easier and (in the long run) cheaper than carrying Starbucks jars/cans in your car. You can control the dosing easily.<br /><br />For me (I'm fairly sensitive to caffeine), one will work quickly to wake me up (having something in your mouth helps in its own right). I'm talking almost immediately, somehow. Faster than coffee, in my opinion. However, it doesn't last long. More will last longer--or just space them out. My experience is after about 15 minutes on just 1, it's back to normal. That's probably due to the low dose of 1 gum, and the fact that I suspect the caffeine is in the candy shell, not the actual gum base, so it's dumped into you all at once, and metabolizes all at once too. If there is any downside, that's it. A cup of coffee, you can take your time and drink, so it's more, and rolls off slower (but comes on slower, too).<br /><br />Then again, there's less fiddling with these foil-wrapped pieces of gum, and I prefer that. The package is designed so you can easily pull out the foil pack from the cardboard sleeve, and pop one out. Keeps everything clean and fresh, but still safely accessible. I chewed one in fact today on the way home from work with only 3 hours' sleep the night before (and I should be sleeping instead of writing this review).<br /><br />I bought my first packs at Fry's Electronics. They had the very retail boxes Amazon sells sitting on their checkout counters. So what Amazon is selling is a retail box package--two of them. 24 packs of however many are in a foil pack, and it's a fair amount. If you were to buy the same amount of packages retail at Fry's, it would cost about 50% more than what you pay here at Amazon. But that's a LOT of caffeine gum. So, if you can't find single packs where you are, choose that flavor carefully! I think you can't go wrong with the spearmint flavor--no surprises with the quality or flavor (except pleasant ones). Even knowing I like it, I balk at buying this much. Be prepared to give packs out as stocking stuffers and favors! What I can say from experience, though, is that the gum stays fresh for long periods of time, even in a hot car. I use mine extremely slowly, so I know. The cardboard sleeve and foil blister pack keep light an ambient air out. You'd think they'd done that on purpose! Very lightweight and doesn't take up much room, unlike cans of coffee.<br /><br />I however am browsing Amazon for what other solid-form small caffeine dosages I can keep in the car. There are Penguin mints, but they are sugar-free, and you have to mess with the tin, and then they all can fall out. And you have to take 3 instead of 2 Jolt gums, to equal 1 cup of coffee. The upside is you can suck on them and spread the dose out. Jolt "Mints" don't seem to be made currently, or few e-merchants have them in stock. I also found "Foosh" mints and the amusingly-named "Stay Alert Military Caffeine Energy Gum" here on Amazon. I knew a guy in Special Forces, and caffeine wasn't really what they were given to stay awake on long missions, lol. That "military gum" must be for some 'other' (unnamed, of course) branch, I'm sure, yes. I'm avoiding the chocolate covered espresso beans for now, as the few I've tried never did anything for me (though they are tasty), and I worry about the chocolate or beans melting or going bad in my car. May work for you. Keep in mind you can get little bottles and cans of Starbucks just about any grocery or quickie mart store--which store well and taste good, if pricey. Those can keep you going till you (or I) make up your mind :) . I can't find "Water Joe" on Amazon, which is (or was?) caffeinated spring water. They sell "Avitae" water, but that has just 45mg per container--very low, plus will make you need to pee for how much you'd need. You can also easily purchase caffeine capsules from supplement e-tailers, for instance vitacost. That is probably the cheapest route overall, but will take longer to take effect. You'll find from reviews that nothing is quicker-acting than cafeeine gum.<br /><br />In the end, I'll probably go with this gum, because it works so quickly and is so immediately easy, and the gum chewing itself can help keep me awake when the caffeine fades, but I'm still searching for something even better. Drive safely, whatever you do (advice to myself as much as anyone else).
