SUMMARY:<br />Ok so this is a long review, but the short summary is that although i regularly consume 5-Hour energy i do so with the knowledge that the effect i am feeling is mostly from the caffeine, and this effect is the same as caffeine consumption in coffee form, this also includes the "crash" later. The vitamin-B's added have as far as i have been able to find very little evidence supporting any effect, and at large doses some are toxic. I buy it in general because of the convenience of the concentrated form, and the fact that it is not calorie laden to the extreme (a la Starbucks). That said i could not find any evidence suggesting that 5-hour energy has any effects which makes it preferable to coffee<br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Let me start out by saying that i am an avid 5 hour energy drinker. As a university student i go through at least a few every time a major exam week is coming up. Being a Psychology student with a focus on Neuroscience i decided to actually have a look at the contents of 5-Hr and and the scientific basis which merits its inclusion in the energy drink. Drugs that affect the body are intrinsically very complicated with many different effects on different parts of the body, so this is not a complete picture and will often be a very simplified one, but i think it will do for our purposes here.<br /><br />Caffeine:<br />5 hour energy contains caffeine, this i am sure comes as no surprise to anyone. What might be a surprise is that caffeine is a drug, this only means that it has a physiological effect on the body, but it is important for several reasons. One is that there is quite a lot of evidence for the buildup of both addiction and tolerance to caffeine, most people that regularly consume caffeine do build up tolerance, requiring larger consumption for the same effect .Without getting too technical caffeine works by effecting receptors on cells called "neurons", caffeine is what is called a "direct antagonist" to adenosine receptors. That means caffeine inhibits neurons from reacting to adenosine (it sort of works like a "cap" on top of the receptors stopping adenosine from attaching there). this inhibitory effect "increases" cerebral (brain) blood flow, as well as decrease the effects of adenosine on the brain, adenosine builds up in the body over an entire day, and seems to play an important part in promoting sleepiness. By blocking these receptors caffeine temporarily reduces the feeling of being tired. It does however in no way reduce the need to sleep overall, as adenosine is still building up in the body even when you have consumed the caffeine. It is like being under water, caffeine can act as a "air bubble" isolating us from the water for while, but once the air is used up you still need to deal with the water, in the case of adenosine, this means sleeping.<br /><br />The "crash" after caffeine consumption is simply the neurons again being affected by adenosine, so you are now feeling how tired the body really is, as caffeine has built up while you have been under the influence, the subjective experience is from a higher high then you were before to a lower low. The importance of this is that as far as i know there is NO WAY to remove this effect, unless more caffeine is consumed. As such the claim that there is "no crash later" sounds very disingenuous to me. There is also conflicting evidence as to whether or not caffeine improves mental alertness or just increases cognition in addicts back to a non-addict baseline, however as far as i know there is no consensus in either direction, and i am not willing to spend hours interpreting the papers dealing with this issue.<br /><br />Various vitamin B:<br />There is a lot of misconceptions out there as to what vitamins actually are. Vitamins are defined as any organic compound needed in tiny amounts that the body needs, but does not produce. So by definition we need Vitamin B, however that does not mean taking lots of them is good for you. Its a bit like saying "well the body needs carbohydrates to survive, so the more i eat the healthier i will get". So the question is not if vitamin B are effective (they are) but if they have an effect in large doses. Virtually everyone gets all the vitamin B the body needs, the one exception is usually pregnant women and vitamin B9.In general there is little to no evidence of positive effects on cognition or attention after consumption of any vitamin B, vitamin B is liquid soluble so most of it simply passes right through the body. The one *possible* exception is that there are some exploratory studies finding that vitamin B6 consumption in children with ADHD leads to better attentiveness and cognition. However these studies (at least the ones i was able to find) are generally small (30-50 participants) and thus unreliable. Even if there was a link this would most likely be linked to a specific deficit in people with ADHD, not the population as a whole. I also found several meta-analyses (papers reviewing other papers) that suggested no link between vitamin B6 (or B12) and increased cognition or attention.<br /><br />There is however a danger associated with some vitamin B's if consumed inappropriately. Overdosing on vitamin B6 and B3 is toxic to the body, so don't consume more than 2/day (recommended max from 5-hr themselves) for extended periods of time, it is well documented that vitamin B3 overdosing is associated liver damage in large quantities, while vitamin B6 is associated with nerve damage at high quantities the FDA sets their upper daily limit at 100mg which is roughly 70 times their recommended dosage, a bottle has 40mg B6 so you can do the math from there.<br /><br />Energy Blend:<br />So this is the shortest section because there is not really a lot to say, Glucuronic acid is sometimes used for more effective delivery of drugs, but doubtful that that is effective here. The much touted Taurine is also a non-story with the EFSA (think european FDA) stating that there is no effect positive or negative from the levels presented in energy drinks. at least one study suggests Citicoline might have some positive effect on memory in people with dementia, but i was unable to find a study which dealt with a healthy population.<br /><br />So why do i continue to consume 5-Hour? even though the vitamin B has little proven effect, the caffeine does, in the sense that it acts the way one would expect it to. I consume it because it is more convenient to bring around then coffee, is consumed faster, and tastes quite good (in my opinion), and at $1.70 a bottle, its cheaper than Starbucks and far less unhealthy.
