I love coconut water and juice beverages, and I've tried the majority of coconut water/juice brands out there ranging from Zico, Vita Coco, O.N.E., Harvest Bay, C20, Naked, etc. I've tried coconut juices/waters when I traveled to places such as Hawaii, South America, and Thailand. I've actually also drank straight up from real coconuts while I was in Hawaii, South America, and Thailand as well. In my humble opinion, the country that produces and makes the best coconut water and juices is Thailand. Maybe I'm a little biased because I'm Thai American, and the majority of my relatives live in Thailand. But I've traveled to Thailand many times in my life and drank coconut water and juice beverages several times while in Thailand. The Thai-based brands that Amazon currently sell are: Amy and Brian, Taste Nirvana, Nature Factor, Foco, and Chaokoh. And of course, as a Thai American, I've drank from all these Thai-based brands as well. They're all pretty good - Amy and Brian, Foco, and Chaokoh have been around for a long while when it comes to coconut drinks. Foco is a Thai-based company that make many Thai exotic drinks including dragonfruit, basil seed, mangosteen, chrysanthemum, lychee, and even pennywort. I've tried many Foco drinks over the years, and even had their canned pennywort drink in February of this year at Ha Long Bay restaurant in St. Petersburg, Florida (By the way, that Ha Long Bay restaurant has an excellent variety of delicious Boba Teas. I love Boba Teas! The best use of boba pearls I've ever seen was when my sister and I visited a Yogurtology store in St. Petersburg, Florida in early June. You get your choice of frozen yogurts self-serve style, and then you put whatever toppings you want. They had different flavored boba pearls to choose from besides fresh fruit and other dessert toppings. My sister and I thought that was a great idea, putting boba pearls on top of frozen yogurt. Yogurtology is a new chain of stores based in two states so far, Arizona and Florida, and it's such a great place, that they should have this chain nationwide!) and it was the most unusual drink I've ever had so far in my life. It tasted different and unique at first, but I read on the Internet that Pennywort/Gotu Kola is supposed to be good for your body helping strengthen your immune system, reduce arthritis, and helping alleviate other health-related issues. There's even a blog on the website, Too Many Chefs, and people have been exchanging, over several years, their opinions on what they thought about Foco's Pennywort drink. I never read that blog until after I drank the Pennywort drink in February. The reason why I chose that drink is because the name caught my attention at Ha Long Bay restaurant's menu, and I'm often the curious type who always tries my best to try something new at least once. It's kind of amusing to read people's opinions on that Pennywort drink. Chaokoh, besides their coconut drink, make the best coconut milk to cook Asian and Thai meals at home. My family uses Chaokoh coconut milk all the time to cook Thai meals, and Chaokoh also sell a lot of canned Asian/Thai items such as: rambutan, longan, bamboo shoots, sugar cane, banana blossom, and jackfruit. Taste Nirvana, of course, is known for all their coconut beverages and their Thai teas and coffees. They also sell Thai chili sauce as well. And finally, Amy and Brian are known for their excellent coconut juice beverages. Amy and Brian also sell an amazing line of mangosteen juice beverages. In the end, when it comes to the best tasting Thai coconut beverages, Amy and Brian and Taste Nirvana are tied for number one. (In fact, Thai coconut water is so good that even my favorite tea company, Harney and Sons Fine Teas, currently sell Taste Nirvana products directly from their website. They admit that they love Thai coconut water and beverages. Click on Harney and Sons' bottled beverages link on their website and you will see what I mean, and Taste Nirvana is not their own brand or product! Now that's a true testament to how excellent Thai coconut water is! I'm being really truthful when I say that you haven't really tasted good coconut water or juice if you haven't tried Amy and Brian or Taste Nirvana! I've been drinking Amy and Brian's coconut juices (with and without pulp) for many years now, and the majority of coconut waters out there don't measure up to this brand (or Taste Nirvana). You truly get your money's worth when you buy Amy and Brian's drinks.
