Tapioca starch is a very handy item to keep in the kitchen. It is a thickener, but a very delicate one. There is a very slight sweetness to it that I think adds considerably to duck, chicken or goose gravies, or pork gravy.  The smoothness is like that of cornstarch, and and it gives sauces the same sort of sheen.  Tapioca flour is a good fast fix if your sauce is too thin and you don't know where you went wrong. I have even added a tiny bit to a runny Hollandaise and it worked perfectly. But be careful. Add it in pinches. It thickens quickly and under low temperatures. Don't overdo. And you can freeze sauces or gravies made with tapioca starch. If you use flour, they tend to break down and the texture can be a little grainy.<br /><br />I've bought this under the names Tapioca Starch, Tapioca Flour and Tapioca Powder. So far they are all identical. Bob's Red Mill is reliable. The texture of some of the asian imports is even better, but they're hard to find and not all equal in quality. Bob's Red Mill is a nice go to brand for anything from sorghum, amaranth, coconut and almond flours to fava bean flour. I haven't experimented with most of them, but plan to try the more exotic ones and see what happens.<br /><br />If you read James Michener, you probably remember his recipe for Oyster Stew in "Chesapeake."  The description was so mouth-watering, it sent me searching through a one hundred mile radius for an Asian market that sold the "secret ingredient." (This was back in those sad, dark days before the internet put the entire world within reach of our credit cards).  Here's how Michener's oysterman, Jimbo, made his He-Stew (a she-stew, fit for ladies, is not, to this lady, worth bothering with). I've reduced the number of onions from 8 to one, oysters from 48 to one dozen (to serve four) and celery to one stalk. If you are cooking for a crew of hungry arstermen, feel free to use michener's proportions.<br /><br />Start with a mess of bacon, one large onion (chopped fine), 1 stalk of celery (ditto), 12 oysters or more to taste (and pocketbook), oyster liquid, tapioca powder, milk, saffron, butter.  Jimbo fries the bacon until it's crisp, sets it aside and tosses the chopped onion and celery into the sizzling bacon fat. He cooks them quickly, so I'm thinking it's just a sweating, not a browning. Anyway, whisk them out after about a minute and add the oysters to the hot fat. You want to put a light browning on them...not cooked, now, just browned.  When the oysters are a lovely golden shade, lower the temp to barely simmering and pour in their liquor; let them simmer until the gills start to wrinkle.  (You want about 1/2 cup, give or take, of oyster liquid. If your oysters come up short, you can add bottled clam juice, chicken stock or water. Clam juice is best. Now throw in a small, and I mean small like 1/8 teaspoonful, pinch of tapioca powder. Remove the pan from heat and you should be able to see the tapioca powder start to thicken into what looks almost like a thin jelly. If this isn't happening, add another 1/8 teaspoon.  Let it bloom for about 3 minutes.  In a separate saucepan, simmer about 2 cups of milk (half and half would be gilding the lily. Don't be tempted. Just plain whole milk is going to be plenty rich). Pour the pan of oysters into the hot milk (Big Jim doesn't drain any of the bacon fat, but it might not be a bad idea to drain all but about one tablespoon of the delicious heartstopper). Then toss in the sauteed onion and celery. You can pour this into a big tureen or individual bowls, and crumble the bacon on top.  Big Jimbo gave it the added blessing of a sprinkling of saffron and, right before serving, a big hunk of butter. I like to serve from a big tureen, so guests know there is plenty and they can ask for more, but I add the butter to each individual bowl, so that melting gold and the buttery fragrance are the first things to hit the hungry crowd.<br /><br />This is so amazingly good, all conversation stops. People just slurp up their soup and their oysters.  Since this is a soup, find the smallest oysters you can. You don't want guests wrassling to swallow an animal as big as their palm.  After everyone has eaten to repletion, those with whom you shared this feast will kiss your hand in humble adoration. I usually serve this with ale, because I think you need something bubbly and tart to cut through the richness and I just like ale and oysters. But something flinty in a white wine, like a steely chardonnay, might go down very nicely.<br /><br />When I make this, I double and sometimes triple the recipe (because everyone wants seconds and, frequently, thirds) and make it a main course with lots of good bread and sweet butter.  Sauteed mushrooms and onions are a nice starter, a leaf or two of salad to follow. This is a good dinner to end with a cheese course, because it's rich, but not heavy and if anyone has any extra room to fill, the cheese hits the spot. Since the meal was creamy, you could jack things up with something sharp like a nice aged Reggiano, and some pears. No dessert is necessary, but if you skip the cheese, poached fruit is nice. If you have port, serve it with the cheese, or use it to poach the pears. It's a killer of a final touch.<br /><br />This is so easy to fix, a last minute dish that takes five minutes to prepare and another ten to make, and it's better than some concoctions that take an entire day of fussing and feuding to get on the table.<br /><br />(My other favorite non-recipe from a non-cookbook is from Peter Freuchen's Arctic diaries. He cooks up a mean Giviak, which is fermented seal stuffed with whole unplucked and uncleaned birds. You don't cook it exactly, you just bury it in the ground for about a year and let everything molder away until the birds taste like gorgonzola. You have to debone the seal without cutting it, so, what with all the hunting involved, there's a lot of prep time even if you don't do anything with the birds but catch them. The only beverge I could recommend is Alka Seltzer, but Freuchen recommends hot boiled moss water. Mmmmm. Moss water.)
