This jam is quite tasty and, like many other people who consume it, I choose it rather than a normal type of jam because it is lower in calories. However, I don't deceive myself that it won't raise blood sugar. Yes, this jam is, as the label states, "sweetened only with fruit juice." However, any jam which is not made with artificial sweeteners--which this one is not--inevitably derives the vast majority of its calories from some type of sugar. Because of this, the sweetener will appear first in the ingredient list, as is the case with this jam: "Juice concentrate (pear, grape), raspberries, maltodextrin (dietary fiber), fruit pectin, citric acid, natural flavor."<br /><br />This product is essentially almost 100% fructose because Polaner has substituted fructose for sucrose as a sweetener and it also is made from whole raspberries. This is a reduced-calorie jam because, since fructose is twice as sweet as sucrose, the producers only need to use half as much of it as they would have of sucrose. Meaning that this jam has about half the calories of regular jam.<br /><br />If you have never had this jam before and are used to regular jam, this jam may taste different to you and initially you may think it isn't quite as sweet. To my own taste, though, since I'm used to eating this brand of fruit spread, it tastes quite sweet enough to me.<br /><br />As stated above, this product contains no artificial sweeteners of any kind. Virtually every artificial sweetener ever sold to the public has been associated with health hazards, including the most serious one of all, cancer, and less serious but quite aggravating problems such as headaches, allergies, brain fog, and digestive problems. This jam also contains no high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) which is currently the principle sweetener in processed foods in the United States. Fructose that occurs naturally in fruit--which is what is used in this jam--is one constituent of a whole food that has many other healthy nutrients within it, such as potassium, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, manganese, and zinc. In contrast, the fructose in HFCS is made from a chemical process. Not only is the fructose stripped entirely from the corn it used to be part of, it now contains unnatural chemicals as well, so nothing healthy remains for the body to utilize to nourish itself. In addition, when HFCS is consumed, it cannot be digested in the small intestines as fructose from fruit can. Instead, the liver has to process HFCS. The liver turns it into triglycerides which cause two main, interrelated health problems. They either are immediately stored by the body as unnecessary fat, leading to obesity, or they clog the arteries, which promotes heart disease and cancer. In addition, digesting HFCS is harmful to the liver, one of the most vital organs in the body.<br /><br />Though this low-cal product has sidestepped those two main issues, I do have a couple of health advisories about it for consumers. First, since the fruit pectin in this product is a standard thickener in jellies and jams and its own natural form of fiber, I am not sure why Polaner opted to add in maltodextrin and call that "fiber" too. Anyone with a gluten intolerance should be wary of this product because of the maltodextrin since some people with gluten intolerance are getting sick from the maltodextrin in this jam. The producers claim on the label it is "gluten-free," but maltodextrin can be made from either wheat or corn, and apparently this company is not being careful enough about contamination with gluten.<br /><br />A second problematic ingredient is its "natural flavor." It is possible that the producers have added raspberry extract, a chemically derived substance that has a taste similar to real raspberries, in order to get away with using less real raspberries, which are more expensive than flavoring. The definition of natural flavor under the Code of Federal Regulations is: "The essential oil, oleoresin, essence or extractive, protein hydrolysate, distillate, or any product of roasting, heating or enzymolysis, which contains the flavoring constituents derived from a spice, fruit or fruit juice, vegetable or vegetable juice, edible yeast, herb, bark, bud, root, leaf or similar plant material, meat, seafood, poultry, eggs, dairy products, or fermentation products thereof, whose significant function in food is flavoring rather than nutritional" (21CFR101.22). That essentially means that natural flavor is derived from a real food, but the process by which it is derived is anything but "natural," and shrouded in purposeful mystery so that the consumer is lulled into believing a product containing it is far more healthy than it actually is.
